


Yo, yo, Iron Chef, gracias
I need some of that, slide through the back
I need ya'll to come back to the, I heard juice
Back of the store over here, just be easy and tell ya man to be cool
We got some culinary cats right here, we need you we'll kill him if he fault


Aiyo, rappers steppin' to me, they want a brick son
But I'm the Chef, my price is twenty-six son
Move up, about thirty-two of those and open locker dough
Soldier got locked up, blow killed the doctor
Flamboyant police is X fives, watchin' my lofts
So many leeches I just left it and walked
My flow wicked, Miami money, movin' and ridicule
Geico on the arm froze, rose gold with me
Take baths with white women, lingerie see-through
Takin' trips to Iran, my Spanish nigga peoples
Sellin' drugs to Flatbush, call my nigga Cecil
Snub with the black gloves, on half-moon Greek do
Killed him in the Bahamas, his wife ran white van pulled up
They caught him out in Brooklyn with a white man
Slutted out, rosed out, sister was gone, she geekin'
She threw the rifle in her mouth and said good evenin'
Yup, Paul Wall grill line, be getting money, crime thief
I know her from Africa, pretty smile, nine teeth
Gold joints, frames only, Louis Vuitton, pony
Leather with the matching sweater on, you owe me


Knock the ash off the blunt, confront niggas who cunt
Swing an ax, tax niggas rhyme different from cats
Specialize in mic rippers, splashes
We the last skippers, big rocks and the block will stick


Beefsteak Charlie niggas eat and they get fat
Chase heads up and down the block and kill rats
Skilled with the gats, even feds don't know where the shells at
The shell trapped up in nice crib with four packs
Four macs, caught a nice sale for four stacks
Yeah, me and my nigga Arafat
Gotta escape but we'll be right back, real soon
Chef cook it up, we got a date with real goons
Telling you Ghost, my connect crazy with the wet
Might know him used to talk to his sister named Yvette
I speed it up, me and the Linx, was getting weeded up
I beat it up, yeah I hit that, but I ain't seed it up
Meanwhile, back on the block, we seen two trucks
Then the windows rolled down, we see these two fucks
Soon as they jumped out, see these tools bust




Yeah, yo, I lit a boogah up, rocks is gone, so we baggin' up all shape
Binoculars, scanners, we all listen to jake
Ran out of baggies, my mouth is dry
Got them dirty joints that scatter, don't act surprised
Nah, nigga the currency rushes like popping a wheelie
Holding a pipe with one hand, the other countin' the billies
You know how it be with the peppermint Clarks, throwing darts at a hoodrat
Getting slow neck up in The Bronx
That's all me, thirty four shines, forty four lines
I just chill like Aaron Hall, writin' raw rhymes
Like, threw Kool-Aid rubies in a lemonade bezzle
When I was twelve in the church, I started packin' that metal
A deuce-deuce, my supplier was Loose Bruce
Ever since I had the drop, my instinct was to shoot-shoot
This ain't For the Love of Ray J, it's for the love of the AK
Cuz you can get scratched like AJ
Cuban Link Dynasty has emerged, this rap shit stop
I have a team of niggas moving my furs






Unable to become immortalized in life
Ghostface became immortalized in death
Creating a mayhem so vast
That the tale of his rampage would be passed down for generations
Gangsters told their children to never double-cross a man
Who's will is so strong that he can cross the planes of existence
To get his revenge
And there you have it
The story of the Ghostface Killah



It is unofficial, yet undeniable we are in the season of the Ghost. Only five months ago Ghostface Killah released his critically acclaimed Sour Soul album. Now Ghost is back again with Adrian Younge, for the second installment of 12 reasons to die. Sequels are rarely better than the original, but I am proud to proclaim this album is the exception that makes the rule.

Before I go any further I find it of vital importance to briefly address the question; who is Adrian Younge? L. A based producer, composer, and record shop owner Adrian Younge has started gaining clout in the industry, just last year his music and beats were being sampled by the legendary DJ Premier for P(rhyme). Adrian younge's music has also been sampled by Jay-Z for the Magna Carta tracks "Heaven" and "Picaso Baby". If this album is any indication of his production prowess (spoiler alert, it is) Adrian Younge will be a household name in no time.

The first album from the duo followed Frank Delucas and his tale of power, betrayal and revenge. This 1st album was enjoyable; it was well produced,(though at times repetitive)lyrical and above all a nice return to truly synchronized, linear story telling. The album attempted to tell an interesting tale, and it did, the issue however was that after the story had been told there was no real reason to revisit the album.

12 reasons to die 2 proves that both Adrian Younge and the mighty GFK were attentive to criticism and open to improvement on all fronts. From the lyrical plot twist to the instrumental smorgasbord this album reflects a level of precision, and passion sorely missing from Ghostface's contemporaries.

Ghostface Killah uses his seniority in the rap game to enlist rising artist Vince Staples and underground sensations Scarub, Lyrics Born and Chino Xleradicating any possible chance of monotony previously found. The most notable, and yet under-appreciated feature is fellow Wu member, Raekwon. Appearing on half the album Rae brings a ferocity reminiscent of the Hip-hop classic Only Built for Cuban Linx

The law of equivalent exchange argues nothing can be gained without something first being given, and at the end of the day Ghost and Adrian Younge crafted an album full of trade offs. The price of having a true concept album, not a single track can live on radio. The sacrifice for birthing such a fantastic world, it is detached from reality, disabling the listeners ability to truly Feel a track. The most burdensome trade is that the albums glorious climax and conclusion is preceded with lifeless ground work.

Despite having two classic albums,(Supreme Clientele, Iron Man) and heavily contributing to another two classics (enter the Wu, OBFCL), ghost has not lost his passion for Hip-hop. Ghost has demonstrated more then resilience in his latest offering he has displayed an appetite, a hunger of a starving artist, with the refined taste of a connoisseur, served with the speed and authenticity of a bodega. In an age of fast food ready mixtapes and processed artists let us bow our heads, say our grace, and savor the taste of a well cooked meal.



Cat I got to take him off of here, that's right
I got to take him off of here
Cause there's only one, and that's me
You understand? 'fore all that fighting, you understand
That sucka think he good, that sucka think he can whoop me
And I know he can't whoop me, I...
Ay boy, the nigga whole style is chump
You understand?
Let me get mines first
Then after I get mines, you can do what you want to do...


Yeah, scandalous
Yeah miraculous, the arsonists


Yo, kicked down the door in the spot, 260
2L, I heard they had O's for sale
I heard the same shit, money drive a burgundy whip
Keep a low fade, license plates engraved "PAID"
Where's the cat from, think he's from New Jerusalem
Pretty Rick did his thing for him, but he was using him
Boss Sun's younger physical, you know the God
He go with Tip, the one who called Lover of God
Why Equality Self, I know the Master Allah Now
It's time to get the God U and blow like mines
But on the low I heard he got Born Original sent
Back in a drive-through Kentucky Fried shot up his Ac
We got to get him dun, aliens is snatching our bread
UFOs moving in with bigger plans than Feds, yo
Knock on Daddy-O's door get the scope
He's not home, he took Ishmael to Park Slope
There go the the dreads yo, swindle two bags of that skunk
That get you crashed out had you laid out like bums
Peace Kiana, what's up with your girlfriend Wanda
She drive a cream Honda, with legs like Jane Fonda
I just left her, she took Regine to Pathmark then
Jetted to Canal to get her man some Clarks
She should be back in ninety minutes, Ghostface
God forbid she safe, BCW was watching the kids


Two hours later, scheming like DeNiro in Casino
Son better have more coke than Al Pacino
Kiana ain't telling no lies, last year she did a sting and a half
With Tymeek bought him a aircraft
But anyway, yo, Daddy-O home, we need the shotties nid-ow
When we get back, throw you a thid-ou
Later that night, stay mesmerized yo
Go get the green 5, meet you on the corner of Now Why
You ready, you got the E&J and the machete?
We going upstairs, I hope one nigga is heavy
We walked in, both of us, looked like terrorists
Masks on, second floor, dun yo, I handle this
Kick in the crib, the whole shit looked graphical
Natural, fucking a white bitch, actual
Fiends chanting, "Do your thing Chef, handle it"
I shot him in the neck, it ricocheted and hit Carolyn
Ran to the back analyzing, much disguising
Surprise is coming in their eyes and tranquilizing
Bugging, throwing the twin cousins at his nugget, fuck it
Meet shottie waddy slug body hobby
Where the drugs, where the ounces you be bouncing
Fake cats announcing on the block, you lounging
Where the blow at, I ain't got shit, stop fronting
(Yo Chef, throw the joint in his mouth, money'll stop stunting
Bitch, hold that pit, before I push your wig back
Chef stop waving that, show him where the paper at)
Come here Valerie, you know the God he need a salary
Put down the pipe here's two tickets to a coke gallery
It's in the kitchen in the ceiling
(Baby girl kept squealing
Only found a white block of cheese from New Zealand
Ohhh shit! Yo, yo where that shit at yo?
Yo Chef, where that shit? What? What? Aiyyo...)




"Together baby.. together baby"
"Baby just you and me (just you and me) whoahhh"


Yo, yo
Aiyyo it's Tone, crispy like a pair of headphones
Used to play the 280 party rec rooms
Now I play the big spots all in the city
Spread champagne, scopin out bitties
Pick one, thick one son with small titties
It really doesn't matter as long as she's pretty
Come here mami, dancin right beside me
Tommy Hilfiger cut, skin like Halle
She looked like she get it from her momma (momma)
That's right Michelle, I'm Obama (bama)
Or maybe she get it from Madonna (donna)
+Material Girl+ I still don ya (don ya)
Je-wels is for the girl if she do well
Knew she was dangerous, she rode me up too well
Her jelly roll shakin like she into the well
She wanna put my name on her new nails

 - repeat 2X


Yo, yo
Aiyyo I roll on bitches, like a skateboard
Got a few friends that give they cake to whores
Me that's a no-no, Starks take control of a chick
Then I go deep like Tony Romo
Kick 'em right out and the day starts over
Where I don't stop drinkin and I can't stand sober
In the morning when I wake up I get up just to ill
TD Bank is what I do with the mills
Bracelets, Cuban neck is on chill
Polar bear ice, I stay dressed to kill
I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill
Hittin the haze, now I'm on stilts
I'm too high, stuggle like Precious (Precious)
Love doctor niggas get the message
When it comes to baggin a chick, don't be impressive
I get girls, y'all fellas is desperate

 - repeat 2X


Yeah
Yeah, yo
Yo son tap that girl, excuse me miss
You gangster~! Far from a bougie chick
Love the way you talk, your jeans fit nice
Still a lil' hood in you, you just my type
Go 'head swallow that Nuvo, no disrespect
You front on me tonight I'mma bag me a new ho
Spank that ass like a real papichulo
That Jimmy Neutron will sit you right on your culo

 - repeat 2X


That's right sexy lady
Come and have a seat baby
Come get a taste of this Patron and Nuvo
This that Jimmy Neutron baby
Your lipstick lookin all good put your lips on this baby
Come sip on this, aight?
Check it out, let's go



Standard:











Tracklist:

1. The Battlefield (Feat. Kool G. Rap, AZ & Tre Williams) (Prod. by Fizzy Womack & The Revelations)
2. Love Dont Live Here No More (Feat. Kandace Springs) (Prod. by Malik Abdul-Rahman & The Revelations)
3. Here I Go Again (Feat. AZ & Rell) (Prod. by Fizzy Womack & The Revelations)
4. Loyalty (Feat. Kool G. Rap) (Prod. by The Revelations)
5. Its A Thin Line Between Love And Hate (Prod. by The Revelations)
6. The Dogs of War (Feat. Shawn Wigs & Kool G. Rap) (Prod. by The Revelations)
7. Emergency Procedure (Feat. Pharoahe Monch) (Prod. by The Revelations)
8. Double Cross (Feat. AZ) (Prod. by The Revelations)
9. Bamboos Lament (Feat. Kandace Springs) (Prod. by Malik Abdul-Rahman & The Revelations)
10. Pieces of the Puzzle (Feat. AZ )(Prod. by The Revelations)
11. Homicide (Feat. Nems & Shawn Wigs) (Prod. by Malik Abdul-Rahman & The Revelations)
12. Blood in the Streets (Feat. AZ) (Prod. by the 45 King & The Revelations)
13. Call My Name (Prod. by The Revelations)
14. I Love You For All Seasons (Prod. by The Revelations)

Bundles:







Did he have hands?
Did he have a face?
Yes
Then it wasn't us


Bernard Goetz Gazelle's on
.45 in the bag, mask a Bourdon
Sacks Willy jury is all really
Rich nigga's paying for the team
Sniff the eighth and feed Lily
Lily is a cocaine Willy
Who got mad connects in a small town in Philly
Octopus soul sister rock a puss
Ghost outside parked vertical
Yeah, the Jakes'll murder you
Four to five hundred bricks
Dicks come in with no tie on
That symbolizes the wire on
All Krylon heat my rings bling 500 feet away
Hit the church steeples in the D
Brand new shells on, a python, a Fisker
Twist from the Astons made for the listener
Or rather yeah, the driver, suicide rider
B bums and Wally's, me and Shallah's colleagues


4 in the morning 


Blow hands, the stove is a roaster where bottles whip in motion
May cause 'drop him in the ocean'
Irish blood gangsters, the roulettes
Cooler moving through Texas, grandmother she Mex-ish, yup
Tablets, krills, bath salts, last call, get it
Drugs flying minutes like a fastball
Smash all, I will remain clean, the status calm
I do it for niggas who last long
Last Don's chill, Kings in the chair, cigars in the air
This the last part with snakes that'll break any mans arm
Which way the grass growin'
We've sown enough and now we're farmers
Who come through with lawn mowers and armor


4 in the morning 


Yeah, I used to move cracks, sort diesel and gats
Runnin' trains on them hood rat bitches up in the trap
We used to blow 'em out
Fiends comin' in hike with they seized bite
With residue stuck all on they pipe
4 in the mornin' when the gates start jumpin'
Dustheads lurkin' and the fiends start thumpin'
And it seems like the fiends, he own CREAM, so they jumpin'
Bean told Cream he stole green so he cut em
Ditch him Star, souflee'd one half of his cheekbone
Now he talkin' out the side of his mouth
But yo, peep homes, stuck
Fly dust, that's four finger nuggets
With plastic stuffed in the Kangol buckets
Dirty burners on, gloves and scanners
Smart mouth, Teymor bitches in the back gettin' sandwiched
After a dick suck accountant
In the wee hours, backing up mountains
4 in the morning


4 in the morning 




Choose the sword, and you will join me
Choose the ball, and you join your mother... in death
You don't understand my words, but you must choose
So... come boy, choose life or death


The only man a ho wait for
Is the sky-blue Bally kid, in '83 rocked Tale Lords
My Memorex performed tape decks, my own Fostex
Watch out for Haiti bitches, I heard they throw hex
Yo, Wu whole platoon is filled with raccoons
Corner-sitting wine niggas sipping Apple Boone
This ain't no white cartoon
Cause I be ducking crazy spades
The kid hold white shit like blacks rock ashy legs
Why is the sky blue? Why is water wet?
Why did Judas rat to Romans while Jesus slept?
Stand up, you're out of luck like two dogs stuck
Ironman be sipping rum, out of Stanley Cups, unflammable
Noriega, aiming nozzles stay windy in Chicago
Spine-tingle, mind boggles
Kangols in rainbow colors, promoters try to hold dough
Give me mine before Po wrap you up in so-and-so
I ran the Dark Ages, Constantine the Great, Henry the 8th
Built with Genghis Khan, the red suede Wally Don


I judge wisely as if nothing ever surprise me
Lounging between two pillars of ivory
I'm lively, my dome piece is like building stones in Greece
Our poems are deep, from ancient tomes I speak
I'm overwhelmed as my mind roams the realm
My eye's the visions, memory is the film
Others act sub-tile, but they fragile above cloud
They act wild and couldn't budge a crowd
No matter how loud they get, though they growl and spit
Clutch they fists and throw up signs like a Crip
And throw all types of fit
I leave them split like ass cheeks and ragged pussy lips


Aiyo, camouflage chameleon, ninjas scaling your building
No time to grab the gun, they already got your wife and children
A hit was sent from the President to raid your residence
Because you had secret evidence and documents
On how they raped the continents and lynched the prominent
Dominant Islamic, Asiatic black Hebrew
The year 2002 the battle's filled with the Wu
Six million devils just died from the Bubonic Flu
Or the Ebola virus, under the reign of King Cyrus
You can see the weakness of a man right through his iris
Unloyal snakes get thrown in boiling lakes of hot oil
Up boils your skin, chickenheads getting slim like Olive Oyl
Only plant the seed deep inside fertile soil
Fortified with essential vitamin and minerals
Use the sky for a blanket, stuffing clouds inside my pillow
Rolling with the Lamb, Twelve Tribes a 144, 000 chosen
Protons Electrons Always Cause Explosions


The banks a G, all CREAM downs a bet
Money feed good, opposites off the set
It ain't hard to see my seeds need God-degree
I got mouths to feed, unnecessary beef is more cows to breed
I'm on some tax-free shit by any means
Whether bounty-hit scheme or some counterfeit CREAM
I learned much from such swift cons who run scams
Veterans got the game spiced like ham
And from that, sons are born and guns are drawn
Clips are fully loaded and then blood floods the lawn
Disciplinary action was a fraction of strength
That made me truncate the length one-tenth
Woofers thump, tweeters hiss like air pumps
RZA shaved the track, niggas caught razor bumps
Scarred trying to figure who invented
These unprecedented, opium-scented, dark-tinted
Now watch me blow him out his shoes without clues
Cause I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fused




Yeah! Come on! I know many boney niggas that knock big niggas out
Force MC's to write more when my pen is out
Indian Gym's pedestal prince sit on thrones
Crack bones hardly pay back loans
Fuck a Maybach I hash back a three G stone
One bitch, four fifth, rubber grip, never hidden it's shown
This is for dirt balm niggas wingworm babies who smell like piss in school
Smoke wombs, rob and tote tools
Jail and poke fools, bash niggas in the head
With forties after thatm shake your hand and get more brew
Please be at ease God, fuck the disease God
You rap niggas front on me, I'm a squeeze God
Headline, man get sprayed by retard
Ghostly thing, he left behind the red clark
His gun bark up big trees
Made his dust with embalming, olivie oil and mint leaves
When y'all bag up your fuckin bottles is empty
We serve glaciers that's why the fiends is friendly


Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime
I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!


Then, uh, what! Bread ridiculous, heads want a whiff of this
Glad for hypocrites layin back and triple this
Model heads hollow heads and the nickel fifth
When I juggle fuck a double nigga flip with chips
Sets I cripple this let a nigga nipple kiss
The scene'll hit or miss I'll show you where you ticklish
The more iceyed out need to bang your wifey out
She like the way my Rose Gold chain swing my thing bang
Know I got niggas in Sing Sing like Ving Rhames
I'm not a nigga that maintain the same dames
I'm steady switchin up, Chevy truck glistened up
I'm not them other suckers motherfuckers listen up
This nigga riffin what, who the fuck is kissin up
You own the cake you'll get ducktaped listen up
The goon trace when they say Buck lift 'em up
New York plates on the interstate shiftin up, what


Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime
I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!


Aiyyo! Squeezin your hammer jammin it
Each of my niggas gamblin with people don't think we family
Clark whip up call up Sammy
I clash with major paper my blood is an alligator
My style is a mile away from y'all niggas Sal of haters
We came to take it over my plane is delayed I drove up with hangers and back up rovers
Movin through the rain with golfers
Who carry heavy armor with bangers and rep regardless
Chef will play the Jeffrey Dahmer dig you when I'm in your garments
Y'all niggas is 'spicious, supercrabfragilistic
Niggas that I'm against is ginzu 'em with the quickness
Rappers is pussy so soft, mad gushy
Go north, your your dad pushed me schooled him cause he had a pussy
We puff crazy reefa too tough the thing'll heat ya up
Got them leeches off your ass nigga keep shit up
We blown the speakers and Chef go and season shit up
Release of the gutter and still wanna beat shit up, whattup!!!


Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime
I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!


Lord the borough's mainframe, I remain the same chain
Lames play the game to gain cock and aim the than thang (Bang!!!)
I let the thang rang then became the king of caine
Gettin chains slingin thangs no different than Richard mane
Call a order off the water y'all native New Yorker
Caught a case the law was lacin y'all with eights and raw the states applaud
Facin it for sure with just the taste the states and laws
Made to degrade my age limit diminish my cause
Ain't nothin to us nothin move us tightly knitten up and through us
Type of shit the hype the gripe I got despite my life is it
And what you talk is what we walk
And what we up we love this spot
Place none above me of course faithfully yours
I hate when it warms, rapin the law
Came through the door with a cape and cane
Sayin my name wavin the four
Displayin the false aim and then buss claim it was yours
Ain't no team hotter than Team Saga sign the Lord!!!


Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime
I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!


Who wanna feel the fire from me fuckin with the don
Just save the Ying Yang for Lil' Jon kid it's on
Got the coffin case Slay they try to connect
They know that, Stuyvesant vet a be the livest we get rid of
Greasy is from where the sleezy is from
Devious one, and anytime you need me it's done
Some talkin off the yap trip and what they gonna do?
But know they couldn't find the fuckin heart with John Q
I'm hear to warn you, we vouched your plans
My name is sent to 'mounts of millions you get thousand fans
Little fly by night nigga that's about to land
Let me take the shit up out of your hands
Understand, your games won't work can't hide your own jerk
And any technicalities I'm pullin on skirts
Beside the mink jacket that be where the chrome lurks
So make sure my paper write like we checkin homework, come on


Streetrunner gotta stop runnin sometime
I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave, I'm gonna make you leave!!!


DJ KaySlay Drama King!!! Five deadly venoms!!
Ghostface Killah, Kool G. Rap, Raekwon The Chef, Lord Tariq, Big Daddy Kane!!!
We out!!!




In control and effect
So what the heck, rock the discotheque


Bring all the hammers and the buchanans
My click ran in and after the blazin' is done, we still standin'
Spot Raider Rich Gannon, I play the bench standin'
Front of them snitch cameras, blow up your bitch Hannon
Give her a quick chance to kiss glands
In the mix, I saw the bitch sniffin', just dance
Slept on a peel, then broke her wrist, and burnt her quick
And stopped her wish, one of my wig pushed in
Ghostface is local, slick murder shit with a new rhyme hustle
Still bust you, fuck you, head bust you, respect my muscle
Like a mean hooker, I'm not gonna tussle, I'll cut you
And that goes for any nigga who think that they better than me
Punch 'em in his face, fuck him up mentally
Real robe and pop my throne
Pop a cop if he show signs of any kinda stop my flow
This is real live lyricist, never a witness
See me clappin' the tools, improve my wrist
The dude is, the Ruger is super steel
Fall back, take a look at my face, for real
My attempts to kill, sent a gate to chills
When his brain hit the windshields, brake ills


Burn it, aw, burn it
And you know, got to have them set it
Burn it, aw, burn it
What a life, not a life, ha, ha, ha, hahahaha


Yo, I'm dope like syringe with dope in it
And you a dummy like crack bags with soap in it
See, well I'mma got a scope with it, drama don't approach with it
Blow you off the coast, now your momma got a coat with it
Young nigga, smokin' marijuana with the coke in it
Sellin' CD's, VCR's and the remote with it
Easy, duke, man I need this loot
Look at my face, all hairy like some kiwi fruit
Dead serious, showin' no teeth, holdin' my heat
Put his eyes in the back of his head, he goin' to sleep
For fuckin' with a top boss, niggas get knocked off
I always drop shit for the street like a cop's horse
Nigga you cock soft, scared to pop off
And I spit fire, my tongue's dipped in hot sauce
It'll burn you, toss and turn you
Have you bleedin' internal, get popped like kernels






Yo! It's the burial ground sound, Dunn!
It's real out here
Staten Island puttin chills in y'all niggas
Forever in it.. yo


My devastating hot '97 mentality
Keep me on point for my four-digit salary
Heavyweight lyric never lost one calorie
I'm soon to be seen on the TV screen
Gambino Cappaccino to the Afro Sheen
Stay black, where I'm at, high road to rap council
Splash love to Wu in a orderly tonsil
Never limit to the diction, cause chaos to mixin
Brutalize a sound check, ripple through the intermission
Rap's under siege, held tight like a squeeze
Forced in the world 'Donna nuclear freeze
Doing damage to the wannabe Flip Mode and Def Squad
Ruckus a whirlpool in the rap entourage
If you dare to test thirty-six, chambers of strangers
Not word of mouth, or song, real wigs might peel
Livin large and in charge branch out Bon Voyage
Twenty-four diamond government named God
Alias Daryl Hill bring thugs back to kill
Circle around my son, Daryl Jr. never eatin lard
Auntie Dauntie sixteen holdin me down
AIDS of rap music may be contagious to sound
Verbal the slang pushed back to create pronoun
Method forcin J-Love to Bring the Pain from underground
Realizin food for thought is self-compromising
Shaolin cut the crack into a triple-O sizin
Blue do what he do to keep that currency risin
Hopin I catch a deal so we can catch a four-wheel
Instead of catchin bodies, niggas not keepin it real
I dirt bomb niggas that steal cake from stores
That's my type of niggas I be wanting on my tours
Can't help it, my styles stay fat like Roseanne
Ruckus in the square I stay rough like the Clan
Panther on my arm, pen and pad in my hand
Punk motherfuckers better beware of the Shaolin
Defy interactive project Children of the Corn
Gats on my man keep em bustin till ya gone
Style so ancient it sparks just like the unicorn
Donna come through everyday my uniform
Changes and switches, I came to make ladies out of bitches
Crackhead niggas get stitches
So what up with that kid, danger when I attack, kid
Watch how the slang hits you just like a bat, kid
Form another pyramid, look how we slid
All over Park Hill, Stapleton politic
On a twenty dollar bill all in it together
You can't fuck with the stormy weather, yaknahmean?


To the year Born God all the Gods strike hard
Fast from the swine hold down your boulevard
Father-U the C-Cipher, start the revolution
Middle finger in the air, for slang prostitution




Bob Digi, U G.O.D, Raekwon the Chef, the Inspectah Deck
M.E.T.H.O.D., the B.O.B.B.,
Straight up, Masta Killa, the GZA/The Genius
It's the Ol' d-d-d- d-d-d- d-d-Dirty Bastard!

 1, 2, 1, 2, (Killa Beez) turn it up
The headphones, turn it up.. yo you hear me?
 Whattup Tony?
 Wassup don-don?
 All the way up...
 You know how we do...
 Let's get this paper together...
 You motherfuckin' right Pa, uh huh
 What's up, y'all?
 We wanna do it nigga
 You know how I do...
 Sound about to go in on some real Wu shit, uh huh
 W-T-C
 That's right
 Ya know what I mean?
 GHOST-FACE KILLAH!
 Lemme give y'all the bullshit hook for y'all niggas
Check it out...


The burners and the stash, we 'bout the cash
We got females that got it like that
The golden childs that bone the crowd
See, niggas in the place that bit my style
Well, I'm a singer, dancer, we bulletproof brothers
Wu-Tang got the answer
Cause if I had a chance to do it again
I will still keep the heat in my pants-uh


Y'all be nice to the crackheads, everybody listen up
I shot one of my bitches, the ho ain't trick enough
Word life to big screen Don, tapping dustbones out
With starwriters like I fucked Celine Dion
Stuck everything that's the god's honest beyond
We airin' niggas out, that's the type shit that we on
Official Wu-Tang headbanger
Flood your space with big waves like you did in Sri Lanka


I drink heavy gallons of cru, play the big part
Niggas got squid on the grill, selling kids Clarks
Finesse notes, yo, the Guess on with the vest pose
Yellow swede one matching hat with the grey gun
Niggas be rhymin' for nothing, then my team pull up
We all throw down y'all broke niggas stay frontin'
Lines come digital stupid, plus ain't got no jewelry on
Bet I'm still live and I'm coopin'
Two of my silverbacks run through a pack of your wolves
Front on react, we're sippin' Cognac  relax dude
Know I'm with these cracks dude


Yo, 1-2, Dirt McGirt
Solid tone smith with 6th shots, lick shots
Leave your head like a Shaolin monk with 6 dots
Brooklyn Zoo, Zoo
Brooklyn Zoo


It's the return of Bin Laden, grab your armor
Smash pretty boy niggas, crush their karma
Eat bones with alligators, roll deep with my entourage
My whole crew's fresh out the bars
Diggler AKA the Cab Driver
Drop him off in the middle of fire
Dirty Island, drag bodies to the Murderland
Knock niggas out hurtin' my hand


I remember in the elevator we was playin' corners
Now we play the corners and the cops is stayin' on us
Staten's where the war is
Where the court system's running out of warrants
Where TNT be jumping out the Taurus
For real I can't call it
You see I love Lucy cause she Lawless
Exactly like that 1-0-3-0-4 is
Snitch niggas swallow your tongue
Already know the island I'm from
And y'all don't want no problems with them


We got a history full of lightning victories
Conceptual breakthrough, it ain't no mystery
Long vision from giants in every way
Rap czars, magnificent flows for every day
From the East to the 'ville, from the West to the hills
Incredible rhymes, encouraging skills
From rat packs, the smallest crews were enormous
We hit 'em fast with an effortless performance
MCs start fleeing in flocks
Especially those that's more sensitive to heat and shock


We grindin' down to the bone, my name grounded in stone
I'm Mr. Violence we loungin' with chrome
Mr. Violence we lounge in his home, hit the housing on Rome
Shining like a hundred thousand in stones
Move mountains with poems, got a jones for dinero
1-6-zero my songs we throwin' elbows
The hoes cling, sho thing, we know kings
Only dime dikes with minds right, we choose Queens


Yeah, we wild like rockstars who smash guitars
Yo son split his face with the toast, he ain't ghost
It's no joke iron coat rifle with the stroke
One toke brains float, shot to the throat
Before the smoke hit, witness the killing, chilling crime scene
Body on the block, eyes open from the shock
Of being popped in the neck
Yet he still held a lit cigarette between his fingers
Danger when you step into the chamber with the Masta
Disaster, gotta blast ya cause I have to


The rat pack is back from the island of Stat'
Leave you cursed dust, cause you worship the Gat
The first one to snap drunk off the Smirnoff
Blow the bouncer's ear off, let him floss he the boss
Handcuffed, to the turntables like Wizard Theodore
See it's pure, let it rain pearly ounces
Bang him with the thing that hang from the trousers
You don't want no drama, I'm flaming fast
That nigga jumped up and did the Damon Dash




Chunky, ???, Brolic, Please be careful with my chains
Stop palyin games, It costs too much
The jewelry man said it might attract feds
The few men that wanted shit was found dead
See it's not a game, The power I possess is real
Wait up, Money caked up, Tape ducts and kill
Rock my gold bow, Polo robes, Scrooge McDuck shit
Uncle Ghost will download gold, Whether sixth floor Brooklyn house
Slid through quietly then took the house
Spazed out on the faggot then they moved me out
Hurry check the box office my new movie's out
I'm not feelin broke niggas that be frontin for nothin
Stuntin, Wanna rock Playboy I keep it comin
Word to Granny I'm quick to buck fifty somethin
I'll be right up on that ass like you sixty somethin
Come on


Big head ants, Lamps that glow
Goldfish with gold chains hangin from they necks, They swim slow
Watch me poke Vics, Sit slick, Throw Vicks on it
Ship shit, Kick Arabic, Bag bricks, Karate kicks, Fly Wu bitch
Don't hesitate to clap a sugar woogy, Just do it
Hop in the Buick and bounce, Harry's lounge





Ayo, let me tell you a little something, you know what I mean?
It's like, you got this little fake ass nigga, Action Bronson, running around sounding like me. But I wanna tell this little fat fuck something. I gave you a grace period, nigga. I'm 'posed to destroy you a long time ago. You go on SportsNation kicking that shit acting like, yo you the nigga, and where I'm at?

First of all you little fat fuck, who gives you the right to even mention my name, out your motherfucking mouth? Broad, you done made a mistake, boy. You done fucked up, man. You know what I mean? Because listen man, you could never fuck with my pen, my nigga. My sword, my blade, whatever you wanna call it, I'm too nasty for you. This is why the fuck you look up to me. And sound like me. When I told y'all niggas back on the Cuban Linx shit, "I don't want nobody sounding like me on no album". You know what? You know what this nigga said?

(She said that the same people you meet going up...) Uh-huh. (..They make the same old faces coming down) And that's your fat funky ass, nigga. You know what I mean? But let me tell you something. Your fans? Those are my fans first, you understand what I'm saying? And I'm not making this a black or white thing, my nigga, I'm making this a Ghost Action Bronson thing. You know what I mean?
You don't come out your mouth using my name, or how you wanna use it, because the spotlight is in your face my nigga! The microphone is in your face! You nahmean, you have to learn to watch what you say. I guess you never been taught that. Because you're not a real nigga

You walk around the club with no shoes on, big ass beard that one day I might set that shit on fire, just for fucking saying my name nigga? Let me tell you something man. Doing twenty-five years for a nigga in rap music my nigga, with babies, it don't really sound too good, right? But I got shooters that'll do that. And them shooters is not from New York, nigga. I don't think you really know the magnitude, of the shit right here, because it's a lot of y'all young niggas that like to play games, b. You nahmean? And then when you get touched, y'all start running to the fucking police, b. You nahmean?

But let me tell you something: I seen a lot of faces, been a lot of places, nigga. I got those kinda niggas. That'll do disappearing acts on motherfuckers for nothing in all states. So I'm just telling you, fella.  I know the tour schedule, man. I know the tour schedule, bruh. Just keep my name out your fucking mouth

And I'm giving this to Max Kellerman, Marcellus on SportsNation, Stephen A., Skip, Chris Broussard, Jemele Hill, Mike and them, listen. This nigga, this fat funky ass nigga's a fraud. I called this nigga, right? The day I heard that shit. And I checked his ass, I called him to feel the temperature. He gon' be like "Yo man, you know, I know-". Yeah, nigga, you know! Fix that shit, nigga! Now! I don't know what the fuck you gotta do, but fix that shit now

He put out like a little five tweets. I get the phone call, this nigga done deleted the tweets. So you playing with me, bruh. Don't let me, don't let me, hang you from a fucking rope and gut you like a pig, nigga, and leave you out to dry. Because it'll get done. Be for real, just like this nigga Teddy said, listen...

(Be for real!) You heard that, motherfucker. So I'm letting you know, bro. I'm dangerous, man. Because first off, where the fuck is your Supreme Clienteles, nigga? Where's your Iron Mans, nigga? Where's your Wizard of Poetrys, nigga? Where's your Bulletproof Wallets, nigga? I done, I done a bunch of albums I did, that's only four shits. You can never play with me, man. I gave you a grace period! You fat fuck! I gave you a grace, I let you live!

I let the devil live on this planet, for the longest! Now here he come! It's my motherfucking son! Showing up sounding just like me! Nah, bruh! You don't do that! Get your own style, and that what I said on Rae's first Cuban Link? You wanna sound like me, nigga? C'mon man, I never disrespected you bro. I just thought that God gave you the same tone

Now this nigga telling me to be for real. You believe that, Ghost? I thought so. You nahmean? I thought that God came like, you know, he made this nigga, with the same tone, sometimes he can't help it. You even ran up on me years ago, South By Southwest saying "Oh this nigga, is sounding like, they say I sound like you!" You nahmean? But you know what, I disregarded that shit. And told you, y'know, do what you do. Bigged you up!

But you gonna go in front of millions? On SportsNation? And act like, yo nigga  now type shit or whatever the fuck you done said, bruh? You didn't mean to say that! You told me you didn't mean to say that, you was nervous!

Bruh. Get your shit, together, bruh. I want you to enjoy your summer. Because you know a lot of people don't make it through the summer, bruh. Listen to me, man. Right now I'm Poppa Bear, b. I'm big poppa




Damn... yo, yo


Woke up in the morning, like ten A.M
Walked passed the Listerine, went straight for the gin
Osama Bin Laden on my chinny chin chin


Yo, Meth, the mailman!


Yo, Ghost, let him in!


Will you sign, Mr. Ghostface, package for a friend, here
Right by the X, my bad, here's a pen


Gucci flip flops, I box my way to the kitchen
My keys is missin', my trees is missin'
No more parties, cuz Doc need to listen


Cuz something in my closet, go look (he's a pissin')
I cursed this bitch out, we be laid back


Half a box of cereal gone, my milk's warm
Thta's wrong, this is John John, pro and con phenomenon
Stretch with a morning yawn, party 'til the break of dawn
Ladies throw your faces on, sing it when the break come on


Ichi, ni, san, shi
Boats (suites) dough (beats)
No cat give you these, rap flow triple g's
Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride


Wu-Tang, the best rap group of all time
Rush little shotgun, rest around nine
Refrigerator, fish and sweets with no swine
Dirty and Meth guest room with four dimes
And U-G. had a Masta headache
Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake
Where Divine at? Wine at
Tell a DJ to rewind that, Killa killed it wit a blind back
Dime sack, you know we blew that wit the cognac
Them bowling ball lead head niggas, we call them pawn yacks


I say my girl, like to party all the time, Ghost
Spend up my ends, every week, she always cryin' broke
Thank God it's friday, I just got paid
Feelin' good like I just got laid
The next drink's on me, instead of, oh God, you think O.G
White girls they comin' out, like they Pink on E
So you better get the party started, we get it crunk regardless
We got the 'dro and hypnotic, them kids is puffin' garbage
Is where it's crackin' at, Street is you passin' that?
Mami's is grabbin' ass, Johnny, I'm grabbin' back
You know my habitat, you know my peoples
If you wit me, where you at
There ain't nothin' compared to that, come on!


Ichi, ni, san, shi
Boats (suites) dough (beats)
No flows ill as these, M and Ghost, nigga please
Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride


I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cup, but they ain't chipped in
(These cheap muthafuckas be grown ass men
Tight muthafuckas finish your shit then they bounce off with them)
Come back again, drunk off your gin
And when they try to get you for they ends, that's no friend
That's no friend, eh, eh


Yeah, greedy muthafuckas, always wanna get high
But never wanna buy, first one to come to the party
Last one to leave, man, fuck all that
Aiyo, Mr. Streetlife, tell 'em where we come from man..



(feat. Method Man)


Damn... yo, yo


Woke up in the morning, like ten A.M
Walked passed the Listerine, went straight for the gin
Osama Bin Laden on my chinny chin chin


Yo, Meth, the mailman!


Yo, Ghost, let him in!


Will you sign, Mr. Ghostface, package for a friend, here
Right by the X, my bad, here's a pen


Gucci flip flops, I box my way to the kitchen
My keys is missin', my trees is missin'
No more parties, cuz Doc need to listen


Cuz something in my closet, go look (he's a pissin')
I cursed this bitch out, we be laid back


Half a box of cereal gone, my milk's warm
Mad strong, this is John John, pro and con phenomenon
Stretch with a morning yawn, party 'til the break of dawn
Ladies throw your faces on, sing it when the break come on


Each (meet) son (see)
Boats (suites) dough (beats)
No cat give you these, rap flow triple g's
Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride


Wu-Tang, the best rap group of all time
Rush little shotgun, rest around nine
Refrigerator, fish and sweets with no swine
Dirty and Meth guest room with four dimes
And U-G. had a master headache
Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake
Where Divine at? Wine at
Tell a DJ to rewind that, Killa killed it wit a blind back
Dime sack, you know we blew that wit the cognac
Them bowling ball lead head niggas, we call them pawn yacks


I say my girl, like to party all the time, Ghost
Spend up my ends, every week, she always crime broke
Thank God it's friday, I just got paid
Feelin' good like I just got laid
The next drink's on me, instead of, oh God, you think O.G
White girls they comin' out, like they Pink on E
So you better get the party started, we get it crunk regardless
We got the 'dro and hypnotic, them kids is puffin' garbage
Is where it's crackin' at, Street is you passin' that?
Mami's is grabbin' ass, Johnny, I'm grabbin' back
You know my habitat, you know my peoples
If you wit me, where you at
There ain't nothin' compared to that, come on!


Each (meet) son (see)
Boats (suites) dough (beats)
No flows ill as these, him and Ghost, nigga please
Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride


I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cup, but they ain't shit there
(These cheap muthafuckas be grown ass men
Tight muthafuckas finish your shit then they bounce off with them)
Come back again, drunk off your gin
And when they try to get you for they ends, that's no friend
That's no friend, eh, eh


Yeah, greedy muthafuckas, always wanna get high
But never wanna buy, first one to come to the party
Last one to leave, man, fuck all that
Aiyo, Mr. Streetlife, tell 'em where we come from man...




(After the smoke is done)
Yo yeah
(Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one)
Yeah, what, what, who wanna do it, what
(After the smoke is done)
Slap fire outcha monkey ass niggas
(Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one)
Word up, big dick, motherfucking house
Whaddup, bench press these cats, yo


Yo, god show these niggas how we get deep, down and dirty
Like Keyon, got his wig pushed back, for 5 birdies
Yo they gotta hit placed on my head, what should the god do?
Max out in Spain and do business with the Jews?
Never that, don't ever look at me out of synch
The imperial, industrial king got weight
Don't give a fuck, like the poor part we watch Hart To Hart
They used to push me in shopping carts, now I'm writing darts
Like Ebenezer, the porno teaser
Saying words like sheeba, ____ rapper valet the visa
My team got rides like Six Flags, plus the Wu lab
Cameras in nine bedrooms we own DATs
Don't touch this crackling hot shit
I snap ya shoulder blade in half, laugh and pop shit
Reader's Digest passed my book to L. Ron Hubbard
It got back that the world government tried to dub it
But devils love it, booby-trap raps cover the track like ADAT
Sharper than cuts laced on Marley
Scratched supreme clientele, my cartel
Willie Stargel passed this shit his piece, where's the Nobel?
Oh well, signing off as usual
The arsonist leaving niggas lost in the stairwell


(Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one)
Yeah, yo, yo, represent my projects Stapleton
(After the smoke is done)
He represent that project Park Hill
(Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one)
You represent that project Murder West Brighton Now Born
Arm banging into that will (ahhhhh), word up
(After the smoke is clear)
Yeah, what, Stapleton
(Delphonics and Wu-Tang still here)
Park Hill, word up, yeah, yeah, New York


The greatest story ever told by me, precisely
Roman numeral IV plus three describe me
My son move like the toad, get drunk, speak in codes
Throw a fiend in the sleeper hold, got beef with the globe
Met my comrade, go half on this lab down in Baghdad
Flipping like a meth's tab, get money like an Arab
The tight niggas snapped six legs on the crab
Now hush, you wanna do what? My clique better bust


Underprivileged, grew up in a Stapleton house village
Where blood flood the water in streets like oil spillage
My front door was blowing, the debt man spotted 55 boa
Niggas was still flowing, voice was echoing
I rise high like an octave
The proctor wouldn't gamble the sample, it shocked her
My ninjas run round like Shaka Zulu, some play peace like Donny the Guru
Others live to be wise and old like Desmond Tutu
Undisputed champion belt holders, shaped and mould us
Soul controller of the lunar, solar or the polar
I blow hash smoke through my nasal, my brain with worth 30 billion
Wu-Tang  battalion was like cannibal weight in Brazilians


After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one
After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one
After the smoke is clear
Delphonics and Wu-Tang still here
After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang/Delphonics number one
Ahhhhh (Wuuuuuu, wuuuuuu)




Yeah it's Common Sense (Yeah it's your boy from Staten Island, just
Came to put my two
Lil cents in)
Yeah, it's good music ya'll, with Faith Evans, Comon Productions (word)
Again, the remix, let's do it


I was told everything that happened, happened for a reason
And one man's forever might be God's season
Been in love so deep it was hard for me to breathe and
Knew somebody like me, but it was hard for me to see him
How he talked freedom, but didn't know if I was walkin it
You can find love but quickly get lost in it
I fostered it, knowing I'd love it for a while
Learing to be a man, but love it like a child
Somehow my light ya'll became my rain
Heartache and pain started to say my name
The game of fame and love stopped playing with me
People asked me "Did you see her pregnant on tv?"
When that rain came I tried to maintain as it drenched me
Now I ain't the same man, father or MC
I see where God sent me loud and clear
If not for the smiles and tears I wouldn't be here again


If I had to do it all again
I wouldn't take away the rain
Cus I know it made me who I am
If I had to do it all again
I've learned so much from my mistakes
That's how I know he's watching me


In ATL I caught a case
And the media tried to say
I had a habit, I couldn't manage
And I was throwin my life away (oh yeah)
But everything ain't what it seems
Just because it's on tv
Cus they speculate and exaggerate for a better story




Ayo I came up in the grimey environment
Drugs and court cases, raised in violence
Everywhere I turned I had the right to remain silent
In the mix I got high, smoking rulers and did dust on the side
But I was still fly, written rhymes, neigborhood beefs
Caused me to see, had to humble myself to a degree
But I still caught three bullet holes and I gave it back
That moment, can it be, I know God recorded that
That's how clear it gets, through my experience (word)
Take what I did and give it back, ya'l be serious
Goin through hell and them painful trials
That's what made me the dapper that I am right now
Only one man can judge me, he in back of the clouds
And I hope he forgive me what I did to them towns
I had the newspapers shootin me down with scrutiny
You can't change how I live my life, I came to make it beutifly






Whoo, Yes
Ladies and gentlemen, (D-I)
Yall know my name, (Dirty Harriet)
Digga Digga, (How serious)
I'd like (D-I) to shout out my manager Ace Lentz, (This album is)
Let's do this, Megahertz, (2000, D-I)
Flipmode Squad, Busta Rhymes
Outsidaz reppin the bricks
Nobody on the track. (D-I)


Yo, When I step in the booth, Flip ugly and I loose all couth
Dig-ga be-have
Maintained the streets, Next journey still with the same peeps
Dig-ga be brave
Ima do this son, Dirty Harriet number one, (Come on)
Dig-ga we straight
Got somethin for you and you and you, Man what's my name yo, (D-I) G-G-A
As we start round two, Next rhyme might be about you
Hope you never see the light, Like Juwanna Man 2
I'm still makin sure, All my rhymes is tight
Tell you that from day one like they tell us God is white
Imperial chick from Brick City, Doin a buck fifty
Rollin around in trucks strictly
When it's time to break fools, My rhyme styles dagger
Tare you down worse then the O'Riley factor
Do it for my sake, I dare yall to try me
Burn yall up the ass like cancer in the prostate
Best in the tri-state, Perhaps in the country
Headline with no album, That's how bad niggas want me
Might be a little raw, For the average broad
Don't worry baby girl, I got somethin for yall as well
Do tell, Cause everything's a story
It's your favorite little grimey, But my name ain't NORE


It wasn't the way she rapped, It was a talent
God gave it a she brought it back
Tell Bust I said peace
Flipmode flip dough, Zip codes, Go back home on skid row
Niggas don't like Tone
Or you digga, Handle they bitch and I'll get the nigga
Develop that into a real picture, Click
Niggas get that shit, I don't play that shit
I concentrate on hits, Not that BET
Nigga bodies or an ill album, Or a song for them ill mommies
I swear I will dot theses niggas the fuck out
Get to cussin and cuttin, These corny cocksuckers better stop frontin
Word, Blow yall niggas for damn near nothin
We-Got, Yo let them things pop, We got the mean darts
Cheese-Blocks, We the welfare babies with the dark brown birth marks
Don't get your assed up, Fuck that
Ghost and Rah Digga, Taxin niggas, We ain't cuttin back so
Please-Stop, Theodore and Flipmode will invade your whole spot



Yea.....that's right
Hardy Boys shit...uh huh
Smoke a Winston to this shit nigga
Word up bout to fuckin' throw ya head up, Yea

Yo, yo he got his stones from Greece
In mouth he had like thirty plus karats
Big ratchets, smoke cigars like a Bogart classic
Told niggas if he dies he want a glass casket
Parents died when he was five years old
Made his way inside the US with Colombian Gold
A fake name in the passport
Benetton luggage, one sister, pretty thing, light skin
Niggas will body over her like fuck it
With a scar by her left eye
Her brother Alex was extremely close, he sold coats and minks
Had trays put in toilets and sinks
Loved to roller skate, ninety nine did time up in Rahway
Came home blown, the thorough kings and soldiers
Never gave a fuck about that MC beef in Queens
Alex, he was a rich nigga
He had close to ten bodies under his belt
His man did the last one and got murdered himself
Took him a while to get his head together
Alex one day out in LA, made a call in New York
Told his man Oc, God it's goin' down, fly the whole team in for support
Remember that Ray shit that Jamie Foxx played? That was my shit
I never got paid, they got rich off a stolen script
In ninety eight I seen Charles on the Cali strip
Showed him the copyrights, his life in the real flick
In Braille, he read it in no time
Hit me with his math, said I'll give you some more lines
Real talk, stand up dude
Said how you like Jamie Foxx to replay you? He said yea that's cool
But under one circumstance, you think he can bow my walk, flip my talk and my hands?
I said sure why not, he can imitate anything trust me this young boy hot
Shook his hand then I bounced in the limo
Grabbed my cell, bit my cigar and then rolled down the window
Contacted Stony Brook and Roberts
Told them we got it in ten ?, yo Ray Ray signed it
Now we can move on and shoot this live shit
With mad options, Paramount and DreamWorks we shop it
Or Mandalay and New Line cop it
I go and get ten mil' and blow it on the independent market
But anyway down in PF Changs, I had a meeting with this rich investor
Said they'll throw twenty million on the kid's film only if he chose the cast
He was drunk, he was talkin' real fast
So I test his mouth, laid back then I put him on blast
Where exactly we gon' get this cash?
I gotta ill Gotti Gigante connect
Wise guys that kill Bulotti, catching bodies, earnin' respect
The waiter came in a dropped off the shrimp fried rice he ordered
I said thanks as he poured my water
Then out came the veggie rolls, sesame chicken and mint tea
Rice wine had me wanting to pee
Said excuse me I'll be right back, pardon me
Grabbed his glass and he nodded to me
Skated off to take a piss, the shit felt like a nut
Got back the dude vanished, briefcase, script, and all
Ask the waiter where he go, the motherfucker spoke Spanish



Yeah, that's right
Hardy Boys **** *****
Smoke a Winston to this ****
Word up 'bout to ****** throw ya head up
Yeah
Yo, yo he got his stones from Greece
In his mouth he had like thirty plus karats
Big ratchets, smoke cigars like a Bogart classic
Told ****** if he dies he want a glass casket
Parents died when he was five years old
Made his way inside the US with Columbian Gold
A fake name and a passport
Benetton luggage, one sister, pretty thing, light skin
****** will body over her like **** it
With a scar by her left eye
Her brother Alex was extremely close, he sold coats and minks
Had trays put in toilets and sinks
Loved to roller skate, ninety nine did time up in Rahway
Came home blown, the thorough kings and soldiers
Never gave a **** about that MC beef in Queens
Alex, he was a rich *****
He had close to ten bodies under his belt
His man did the last one and got murdered himself
Took him a while to get his head together
Alex one day out in L.A., made a call in New York
Told his man God it's goin' down, fly the whole team in for support
Remember that Ray **** that Jamie Foxx played? That was my ****
I never got paid, they got rich off a stolen script
In ninety eight I seen Charles on the Cali strip
Showed him the copyrights, his life in the real flick
In Braille, he read it in no time
Hit me with his math, said I'll give you some more lines
Real talk, stand up dude
Said, How you like Jamie Foxx to replay you?
He said, Yeah that's cool
But under one circumstance, you think he can bow my walk
Flip my talk and my hands?
I said, Sure why not?, he can imitate anything
Trust me this young boy hot
Shook his hand then I bounced in the limo
Grabbed my cell, bit my cigar and then rolled down the window
Contacted Stony Brook and Roberts
Told them we got it in ten , yo Ray Ray signed it
Now we can move on and shoot this live ****
With mad options, Paramount and DreamWorks we shop it
Or Mandalay and New Line cop it
I go and get ten mil' and blow it on the independent market
But anyway down in PF Chains, I had a meeting with this rich investor
Said they'll throw twenty million on the kid's film
Only if he chose the cast
He was drunk, he was talkin' real fast
So I test his mouth, laid back then I put him on blast
Where exactly we gon' get this cash?
I gotta ill Gotti Gigante connect
Wise guys that kill Bulotti, catching bodies, earnin' respect
The waiter came in a dropped off the shrimp fried rice he ordered
I said, Thanks as he poured my water
Then out came the veggie rolls, sesame chicken and mint tea
Rice wine had me wanting to pee
Said, Excuse me I'll be right back, pardon me
Grabbed his glass and he nodded to me
Skated off to take a piss, the **** felt like a ***
Got back the dude vanished, briefcase, script, and all
Ask the waiter where he go, the mother****** spoke Spanish



My gun heavy way, you was banned away
Soon as you catch a couple hoes, use a man of faith
Snitching, you know how many mother fuckers got the head blown down for snitching
Stress me, you aint convincing
And this to be the same club, you cant
And little be the same blood, you cant...
Doctor bills dont play, they spend it

Chorus: (x2)
All youre giving now
Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
Who want ladies is living now
Make it where this mother fucker, they dont come back!
Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

Scary niggas shoot with their eyes closed
Me I got killers, no blinking, just coke on their nostrils
If you aint with us, you consider this hostile
I aint talking about cascos
Whatever you can bet it, where your gun is on, let it
Ive been riding dirty way before and said it
Chasing at the club, throwing cheers at em
Bitches just throwing benz at em
Shout in, jump off the stairs at em

Chorus: (x2)
All youre giving now
Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
Who want ladies is living now
Make it where this mother fucker, they dont come back!
Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

When its on nigga, I dont care how you rock
I shoot it up till the property value drop
You used to play gun defence, now youre fly
Morals, principles, should I ball you out?
Enough... Better send the word to the monkeys
like me in a third world country
Head guns, govern the issue, we still banging them
As soon as he sitting the passenger seat, strangulate them!

Chorus: (x2)
All youre giving now
Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
Who want ladies is living now
Make it where this mother fucker, they dont come back!
Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

Make it where this mother fucker dont come back
Six feet deep where my guns at
This is little dudes cop
Come from the spot, with them niggas to get you
Yeah, lifes a bitch, so Im fucking up
Every day you never gave a fuck about a fuck boy anyway

Chorus: (x2)
All youre giving now
Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
Who want ladies is living now
Make it where this mother fucker, they dont come back!
Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!




'What they gives you, blood?'
'Three months, man.'
'Whatchu doin in here anyway? You oughta be home with your momma.  How old are you boy?'
'Thirteen.'
'Thirteen? Damn, the bastards must be runnin' outta niggas to arrest.'


Yeah, ohh yeah, this goes out
To all the families that went through the struggle
Yeah, from the heart
It was all from the heart, everything was real


All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through


Yo, dwellin' in the past, flashbacks when I was young
Whoever thought that I'd have a baby girl and three sons
I'm goin' through this difficult stage I find it hard to believe
Why my Old Earth had so many seeds
But she's her own woman, due to me I respect that
I saw life for what it's really worth and took a step back
Family ain't family no more, we used to play ball
Eggs after school, eat grits cause we was poor
Grab the pliers for the channel, fix the hanger on the TV
Rockin each others pants to school wasn't easy
We survived winters, snotty nosed with no coats
We kept it real, but the older brother still had jokes
Sadly, daddy left me at the age of six
I didn't know nuttin' but mommy neatly packed his shit
She cried, and grandma held the family down
I guess mommy wasn't strong enough, she just went down
Check it, fifteen of us in a three bedroom apartment
Roaches everywhere, cousins and aunts was there
Four in the bed, two at the foot, two at the head
I didn't like to sleep with Jon-Jon he peed the bed
Seven o'clock, pluckin' roaches out the cereal box
Some shared the same spoon, watchin' Saturday cartoons
Sugar water was our thing, every meal was no frills
In the summer, free lunch held us down like steel
And there was days I had to go to Tech's house with a note
Stating "Gloria can I borrow some food I'm dead broke"
So embarrasin' I couldn't stand to knock on they door
My friends might be laughin', I spent stamps in stores
Mommy where's the toilet paper, use the newspaper
Look Ms. Rose gave us a couch, she's the neighbor
Things was deep, my whole youth was sharper than cleats
Two brothers with muscular dystrophy, it killed me
But I remember this, moms would lick her finger tips
To wipe the cold out my eye before school with her spit
Case worker had her runnin' back to face to face
I caught a case, housin' tried to throw us out of our place
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky
And ask myself was I meant to be here... why?
Yeah, yo


All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through


Word up mommy, I love you
Word up
It was all you, word, you brought me in like this


I sit and think about
All the times we did without dad
I always said I woudn't cry
When I saw tears in your eyes
I understand that daddy's not here now
But some way or somehow, I will always be around, yeah
All the things that I did from this to them
Oh from drugs to being there
Being down and out and I love you always


Yeah, you say
You see the universe, which consists of the sun moon and star
And them planets, that exist in my space
Like man woman and child
You understand?
We got to keep it real, and what reality
And reality will keep it real with us
I remember them good ol' days
Because see, that's the child I was
What made me the man I am today
See cause if you forget where you come from, heheh
You're never gonna make it where you're goin', aheh
Because you lost the reality of yourself
So take one stroll through your mind
And see what you will find
And you'll see a whole universe all over again
And again and again and again and again




Somebody up and said "'Fest if I was you, I'd be more bitter"
I looked and said, "If I thought like you, I'd be more nigga"
More hater, more angry black man on an elevator
More cryin, less paper, that's when they come and take ya
Put you under the radar, push your record to later
Say "It could've been greater", now you a fuckin waiter, wait up!
This is hustle time, revolution muscle mind
Over matter but matter of fact, who can fuck with mine?
I was spitting these bars before I had a dime
Phoney broads sayin they love me, deals that were signed
Comin home, shorties getting killed all the time
On the block over a crumb of a crumb, in their prime
I'm, prime time, life, crime
Sex, drugs, the Lord of War, slugs, nines
Diamond mines, blood lines
Niggas say they got no love but we love dimes


Dwellin in the past, flashbacks when I was young
Whoever thought I'd have a baby girl and three sons?
I'm going through this difficult stage, I find it hard to believe
Why my old earth had so many seeds
But she's an old woman, and due to me I respect that
I saw life for what it's really worth and took a step back
Family ain't family no more, we used to play ball
Eggs after school, eat grits cause we was poor
Grab the pliers for the channel, fix the hanger on the TV
Rockin each other's pants to school wasn't easy
We survived winters, snotty nose with no coats
We kept it real but the older brothers still had jokes
Sadly, daddy left me at the age of six
I didn't know nothin but mommy neatly packed his shit
She cried, and grandma held the family down
I guess mommy wasn't strong enough, she just went down
Check it, fifteen of us in a three-bedroom apartment
Roaches everywhere, cousins and aunts was there
Four on the bed, two at the foot, two at the head
I didn't like to sleep with Jon-Jon, he peed the bed
Seven o'clock, pluckin roaches out the cereal box
We shared the same spoon watchin Saturday cartoons
Sugar water was our thing, every meal was no thrill
In the summer, free lunch held us down like steel
And there were days I had to go to Tex house with a note
Stating "Gloria can I borrow some food? I'm dead broke"
So embarrassin, I couldn't stand to knock on they door
My friends might be laughin, I spent stamps at stores
Mommy, where's the toilet paper? Usually newspaper
Look, Ms. Rose gave us a couch She's the neighbor
Things was deep, my whole youth was sharper than cleats
Two brothers with muscular dystrophy, it killed me
But I remember this, moms would lick her finger tips
To wipe the coal out my eye before school wit her spit
Case worker had her runnin back to face the face
I caught a case, housin tried to throw us out of our place
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyse the sky
And ask myself was I meant to be here?... Why?


Huh, I hear ya Ghost, it's hard growin up black
But look to God and say...




Yea, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, 7 o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
This is Toney's Angels


Ayo, it was 3 white bitches who worked for Toney Starks
Undercover agents far beyond narc's
Amazed by their beauty marks
Wonderwoman bracelets, knee-high boots that was made by Clark's
My dick got hard on how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
If I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Sky, and Kelly
Starks Angels, Shaolin's Finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low
Cuz my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted outta Albee Square
Gun out, wrapped in they hair
Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air
Chase a nigga down, block for blocks
Squeezin' Glocks
These Mami's real anxious to blow of his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran, the more they skirts got dirtier
Sendin' shots like Check Day
FedEx Express way
**Boom!, Bow!, Bing!** You heard the gun play
*Who shot the duck out the window*? Mr. Lee said
*Three pay now, you fuckin' weed head*
We can stop the fire, the suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up - "Come on girls to Club Med"


Stay tuned - The Villain Threes Company
Don't Sleep Pt. 1

2 Brown sisters assisted the Villain Doom
He woked up, stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg
It was more like a sweep
Loosened his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggerin' except for the socks and mask naked
Grabbed up the boxers, fussin', pissed and
Checkin' for the keys, stacked
A robbery expected, yet nothing obvious is missing
Recollectin' now why Hollywood hotties
Stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti, personal nurse's
Chanel purses, she ok? shottie
Chased Patrice with Thai iced teas
She drive wild nice to Veggie Fried Rice Spicy
Told the Hoes "I don't feel so well, my belly"
Rolled down Melrose, "Drive me to the Telly"
"Ya'll go'head and get the L's, and get back, I be 'k"
Feelin' woozy, no oozy, who's seen the lobby? Ray
Peace! peace to man, change 100, stop and look
Naw! Whoops! Left a knot in her pocketbook
Elevator slow, "is I'm that careless?"
Entered the room and fell flat on the terrace
Woke up, dag, who bound and gagged 'em?
Got 'em for 2 out of 3 packed bags Magnum
Each gram of Villain sperm streets worth a G
The part of Mr. Furley was played by Charlie Murphy

 & (MF Doom)
Fuck Charlie, that's right y'all
We go get back out there on the scene
Kelly you go get me some pussy
(To be Continued)
You know what you gon' do
You too Dorien
You lil fat ass can't get away neither and shit
Uh huh, that's right yea I'm call The Theodore niggas
Swat Team alert and shit
Uh huh, yea that's right
Sky you can't hide baby, you got the best head nigga
Word up, This real Angels shit, y'all my bitches
Toney Bosley in this bitch nigga, word up
Give me back my boots, motherfuckers




Yea, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, 7 o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
This is Tony's Angels


It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narcs
Amazed by their beauty marks, Wonder Woman bracelets
Knee-high boots that was made by Clarks
My dick got hard at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
I was modern day King Midas, Doreen, Skye and Kelly
Starky's Angels, Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square
Gun out, wrap in their hair, kinda crowded so they clap in the air
Chased a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks
These mommies real angels took one off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran the more their skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, Fed Ex expressway
Boom bow bing, you heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window", Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up, "Come on girls to Club Med"


Stay tuned for the conclusion
Three's Company Family Jewels


Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woke up stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the Treo
Checkin' for the keys, the dough
A robbery expected, yet nothing obvious is missing
Recollected now why Hollywood hotties stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti's
Personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chasing Patrice with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, I don't feel so well, my belly
Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly
Y'all go head and get the dutches, be back copy
Feeling woozy, no uzi, who's he see in the lobby
Peace, Peace, pizza man, change a hundred, stopped and looked
Whoops, left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged him
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
Villains skied a gram on the street, fifty G
The part of Mr. Roper was played by Mr. T



Verse 1 : Bore Balboa

Uen u kafi sa devetkon , stavi pare na stol
Dobit u 50 000 ako domain zabije gol
Prestat u repat, ne da mi se vie
Uvik u svom filmu ka antwon fisher
Ovo sranje je tvrdo , tvre od dijamanta
Non stop dilan uto, zovu me fanta
Ako prednjai za respekt dobiti e po glavi
Mirien na novac, smrdin po travi
Prestali smo brojat pare,baci automate
Sad ih vaemo,100 kila eura,50 za me, 50 za te
Reci lavu da su kuje poele lajat plavcimat
Triba im zavezat jezike i drat ih na lancima
U konobi inox bilog,crnog i opola
Pien mafijake scenarije ka francis ford coppola
Svrbe me dlanovi, past e neka para
Pauci u stanu,past e suttra
Jauci u mraku, gansi u kvartu
Skansi u ministarstvu
Nosin parku u parku
Vozin terenca, u gepeku 20 kila kokaina
Svaki obrok, bar 100 grama proteina

Refren : Raekwon
Yo, Scarface gangstas, criminal niggas up in the trenches
Army coats on, playing the benches
Getting paper, sly, thats the motto, intelligent goons
Inside a hundred thousand dollar whip, follow

Verse 2 : Ghostface Killah
Yo, we in the back roasting marshmallows
Bottles of Krug
The dialogue is the big chain niggas is rude
Law library scholars, potatoes over the thirty-eights
With bald-heads, all live wires
Eleven homes, six trust funds, came home from doing a dime
We just left Uns, straight up
And we standing over the stoves, in denim Gibaurds
Brought a Dairy Queen to Queens right next to Lowes
IMAX Theatres
Astoria Waldorf
Philip Drummond suite, pretty young thing suckin' my balls off
Bubble baths, hash, zooted up, eyes closed
Silk drawers, fronting in my key-lime pie Wallo's
And I still got a half a ki indeed, Frank Lucas shit
Hid it in coffins, flying over seas
And if you ever try to ruin my knight
Ima make sure my best pawn put like three in your kite
Shot caller, laying in big lofts
Rock of Gibraltar, my pinky joint, killing like Orca
Daytime hawker, a nasty street author
Me, Rae and Rick, uzid out in the porches
Case we gotta Warner bro, like Malcolm-Jamal
Ima Falcon, Seven Mike Vick with the ball
Cause I can hut-one, hut-two, disrespect
I hunt you down
Aint a muthafuckin' crew we cant run through

Refren




It was an evil day the sun glistened over the city
Shined bright though the window and the eyes of my kitty
I was reluctant, a ball In the pit of my gut
Like the phone call I got was just to set me up
She wouldn't do that, my love had love for the kid
So I slid on my wallows and bounced out the crib
Hit the block about 6 somth, shit got switched up
She pulled 'long inside and said, "Jump in the truck"
So I did, we supposed to be gone for Ziti
She made the wrong turn, I'm like, "Where you goin' to sweetie?"
Felt the heat on the back of my neck
Did a mirror check, I didn't know what to expect
I got knocked out and woke up in the melting pot
I heard the DeLucas laughin' and then shit got hot
They said, "Die Tony Starks, you gon' melt like a record!
Never to be remembered, never to be respected!"


Ay ay ayo, hold up, hold up, they said what?
Who said what?
They got Tony?
You serious?


Yo, I got word that my man got offed
Rolling with Logan, I told him, damn that broad
Its no surprise why she would do this
Word on the streets, she had a side deal working for the DeLucas
Word is out, APB, this bird is foul
Put a price on it  the hood searching her house
The DeLucas won't stop without merking us out
We should catch 'em while they celebrating, burst in the crowd
Tony death, shit is working me, vexed
They saying, "Deck chill, its real and you're certainly next"
Thrown into boiling vinyl, cant let it slide, fool
I guess it's just my time to die too
First find Logan, gotta make her talk
"Whos your boss, wheres your boss and who made the call?
Tell me or not, youre sleeping with the fish
But first tell your boss that he will get his"


And I told him 'bout that chick
Shit got me heated, man
Crazy, gonna kill someone
Still gon' pay, somebody gon' pay




It was an evil day the sun glistened over the city
Shined bright though the window and the eyes of my kitty
I was reluctant, a ball In the pit of my gut
Like the phone call I got was just to set me up
She wouldn't do that, my love had love for the kid
So I slid on my wallows and bounced out the crib
Hit the block about 6 somth, shit got switched up
She pulled long inside and said "Jump in the truck"
So I did, we supposed to be gone for Ziti
She made the wrong turn, I'm like "Where you goin' to sweetie?"
Felt the heat on the back of my neck
Did a mirror check, I didn't know what to expect
I got knocked out and woke up in the melting pot
I heard the DeLucas laughin' and then shit got hot
They say "Die Tony Starks, you gonna melt like a record
Never to be remembered, never to be respected


Yo, I got word that my man got off
Rolling with Logan, I told him "Damn that broad
Its no surprise why she would do this
Word on the streets, she had a side deal working for the DeLucas"
Word is out, APB, this bird is foul
Put a price on it  the hood searching her house
The DeLucas won't stop without merking us out
We should catch 'em while they celebrating, burst in the crowd
Tony death, shit is working me, vexed
They saying "Deck chill, its real and you're certainly next"
Thrown into boiling vinyl, cant let it slide, fool
I guess it's just my time to die too
First find Logan, gotta make her talk
Whos your boss, wheres your boss and who made the call?
Tell me or not, youre sleeping with the fish
But first tell your boss that he will get his




Uh-huh, uh-huh, motherfucker, uh-huh
Yeah, I see that, I see that
All y'all fake motherfuckers up in the joint, huh
Stealin' my light, huh
Watch me, duke, watch me

Yo, check these up top murderers
Snowy in the bezel as the cloud merges
F.B.I. try and want word with this
Kid who pulled out bust a shot up in the Beacon
Catch me in the corner not speakin'
Crushed out heavenly, U.G. rock the sweet daddy long fox minks
Chicken and broccoli, Wally's look stink
He with his man straight from Raleigh Durham, he recognized Kojak
I slapped him five, Masta Killa cracked his Heini for him
Everybody break bread, huddle around
Guzzle that, I'm about to throw hair on your back
Since the face been revealed, game got real
Radio been gassing niggas, my imposters scream they're ill
I'm the inventor, '86 rhyming at the center
Debut '93 LP told you to enter
Punk faggot niggas stealing my light
Crawl up in the bed with grandma
Beneath the La-Z-Boy where you hid your knife
Ghost is back, stretch Cadillacs, fruit cocktails
Hit the shells at Paul's Pastry Rack
Walk with me like Dorothy try to judge these
Plus Degrees, sessical, rasta fiends
Getting waxed all through the drive-thru
Take the stand, throw my hand all on the Bible
And tell lies too, I'm the ultimate
Splash the Wolverine Razor Sharp ring, dolomite
Student enroll holding it


A-yo, this rap is like Ziti, facing me real TV
Crash at high speeds, strawberry kiwi
As we approach your hood, the Gods bail
See Staten Island ferryboat, cats bail
Fresh cellies, 50 deep up in the city
We banned for life, Apollo kids live to spit the real


A pair of bright phat yellow Air Max
Hit the racks, snatch 'em up, son, twenty dollars off no tax
Dream merchant tucked in the cloud, stay splurging
Rock a eagle head, 6-inch height was the bird
Monday night Dallas vs Jets, dudes slid in with one hand
Two Culture Ciphers, one bag of wet
Heavy rain fucked my kicks up
Wasn't looking, splashed in the puddle
Bitch laughing, first thought was beat the bitch up
Moseyed off gracefully, New York's most wanted cheeba hawk
Seen the yellow brick road, I stole the pastries
Same Ghostface, holy in the mind
Last seen Manhattan Chase
Withdrew the six-eight digit in the briefcase
Rawness, title is Hell-bound
Quick to reload around faces, surround look astound


We split a fair one, Poconos money
Gin rummy with glare, spot the lame, bit his ear
Yo, and taste a teaspoon, 300 goons, stash balloons
Locked in lab rooms, hit with the Glock, stashed in Grant's Tomb
Clocked him like a patient, his stocks fall, hustle invasion
Knowing now, we copped the block off, the chain tri-color
Freezing in velour, icicle galore
Gas station light gleaming on the wall
Cop WiseGuy jams, James Bond vans
Niggas flipped Timbs, rock boats under water, watch clams
Pose for the stand-off, mad timid
Hoping that the gun fall, guessing like lottery balls, yo






There's no coke
What?
You heard me you dumb fuck, there's no coke
What the fuck do you mean there's no coke?
I've been up and down this ship
I've been in every fucking room
There's gotta be coke
There is nothing, nothing

*heavy panting*
Help PLEASE!
*panting continues*
Help me!
*gunshot*


It's assassination day, I stalk


I move through the Third World, my third eye's the guiding light
Invite the fight, we all die tonight
The life I live's a 25 to life bid
Parole reneged, I stroll the globe fugitive
Cream is short, Cee Cipher Power stalk, plus the fiend talk
3 Gs the cost in Supreme Court
White lies and blackmail land me back in jail
We're all for sale, a stolen goal but it fail
Stranded on the front line, I shine to the dumb and blind
It comes time I take back what was once mine
Crunch time in the first quarter, from the worst slaughter
Devil's poisoning the birth water
The earth daughter rest her head on my chest
Through the struggle we cuddle under half-moon crest
While the press plant fear and exploit the gun blasting
Central broadcasting is shackling, nerves are unfastened
Trapped in deep water, gasping
I clash with the titans for my half on the action


I stop producers careers, the weak spot was the ears
Scorpion darts hits the mark, pierce the heart with silver spears
You're bewildered, my unsaturated, low filtered
Devils still feel this so you're living build tilted
MCs upon their axis, their body hazard tactic
Lactic acid, desert dry cactus, practice
You can never match this invincible, Wu-Tang indispensable
One nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice
The mic is in my clutches
Thugs who bring ruckus leave in crutches
Unforgivable snakes face the double-edged swords starts to swivel
Decapitates the head, makes the projects more livable
Interchangeable, caution: flammable
My chamber is 99 plus 1  unnameable angles
And strangles, microphone cords start to dangle
Silent as the gases that pass throughout your anal
We creep through your doors
Seep out like sweat through the pores
Destroy your internal organs with the biological warfare


First of all before we move on, this shit is like a Yukon, don
Spread it out like Grey Poupon
Splurging, merging in the suburbs
Using this just like an adverb, action word, flowing like a blackbird
God came in, aiming like Terry Bradshaw
He hit the crash bar, stay relaxed God, his shit is smashed Pa
You handle this just like algebra, UFO spot 'em like Galaga
Holding like bullet-proof Acuras
You so fly, yeah right, you want to get me high, yo Bobby
You hear how I'm shooting it like they blue tops
No, you won't play me like your lady
Pay me 380, spit it at you like a baby, final destination Haiti


War's extremely serious and it saddens me
To have to take things to deadly measures
And have you measured and shot for no pay
It's assassination day I stalk my enemy like prey
Tranqued by deceptional sounds that deceives
And lures MCs to the lair
With a mic-like bait, then awaits to be bitten by greed
Temptation tempts my victim to proceed
Forward, ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
You'd rather pursue death than admit defeat
Now who's best to describe for what I specialize in
Murderous rhyming, constantly inclining
My mind spits with an enormous kickback
Your brain then absorbs the impact
Disorderly conduct from the crowd is the feedback






That's right, y'all
Theodore, Ghostface in the buildin
Yeah, yo, eh-yo..


We out here in Amsterdam
Blowin weed up in the coffee shops, the munchees give me massive cramps
In the red light district, carryin biscuits
The Mac-11'll take plutonium, crisp shit
In the Benz cab, we got hash in little plastic bags
Flabs of chalk, we buyin up halves
And we got hoes, we ain't buyin no ass
With mad trees, we don't sleep, we just lie in the grass
With Henny bottles and bad models, foot wears and pharagamos
Ghost master the rings, entertain 'em like Lou, I'll battle
The afterparty's at the hype hotel
Y'all could all slide through, just bring me an L
Look, Amsterdam, just follow the smell
We got condoms, y'all, and we doin it well
(Yeah) Doin it, doin it, doin it well
(T.U.) Doin it, doin it, doin it well


Eh-yo we out here in Amsterdam
Theodore came through in a Benny Hill Astro van
Big rope chains, son, outlastin ya man
Knockin out bottles of Henny like it's part of the plan


Eh-yo I flow like the Nile River, my style's bitter
Spit sixteen bars that'll make the crowd shiver
The White Al splitter, sprinklin the haze
Blowin on that good chronic, got me blazed for days
Zonin out, gettin high as a rocket, mad Euros in my pocket
Theodore Unit, you can't stop it
Trife Dies', I keep the bitches on their knees
Du-Lilz playin the back, yo we twistin them leaves
Niggas better freeze, when I step in the place
I'm like acne, my bare hands'll fuck up ya face
The most proliffic, the most high rated in ya district
With a hundred goons takin mushrooms blazin their biscuits
Staten Island, the most thorough, we keep it gully
Black Timbs, black army fatigues and a black skully
Last but not least, yo I gotta say peace
To all my peeps here in Amsterdam bringin the heat
.. Kubus beats




We got flows for days, purple haze, broads that fuck to The OJ's
Son we get busy, the first ones to pop off the party
With the Red Bull, bottle of Goose, Lime Bacardi
And them cannibis kept fades with the bricks of hash
Fell buyin out the bar like he holdin that cash
Master class, we go fast, ball like Yanks
We in Amsterdam, son, I want Euros not Francs
And ya girl mad, no dick, lookin so sad
She like eight pounds of shit in a two pound bag
We blow models but endure some more slow neck
This is Staten Island, we top of the line, what you expect?
Fall back or man up, our jewels are King Tut
If you down with the Theodore movement then stand up
.. Just stand up






Light is shinin.. beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time.. the ball was so fine
Heat is blazin.. the kids were playin
His partner was shady.. tryin to save the babies


A-yo, they didn't know the cop was crooked
He had blow out in Brooklyn
All this while he let the fiends cook it
The baseheads stirred it up, plus they got to blow it up
Dropped it off in the PJ's and they bigged it up
Then one day, shit jumped off real crazy
The middle of a bathroom they find an old lady
No clothes, half of her tongue, ear missin
The killer had to be mad smart, he wore mittens
Even though her leg was bitten
Crackheads point the finger at Detective Slick Morris Gittins
Paleface cop who done popped the best
And got the chop on his neck from when he knocked Celeste
It was a slug, drug, he pressured everybody on the block
Some niggas know him as the Godson of Gotti
And his black partner, he was scared to speak
He saw how they planted weapons on these kids in the street
He saw like over fifty bodies in like fifty-two weeks
He saw his colleague pick up money before leavin his beat
They call him desk duty, Robocop
Younger dudes call him Freddy Krugs from the way he walk on the block




Heard the disturbance out the window, oh shit they got my son
Pulled over his Tempo, Brenda dropped the endo
Had her little nephew with her yo she didn't care
They always harassed her, until she blew the captain with a razor
His partner turned red in his waist, maced her, smacked her
With the walkie, yoked her then slammed her on her face
He bugged on her like she was drugged, plugged one in her
The fifth relaxed her like a big thug pistol whipped her
Heard she was dusted, must've been the way they threw the cuffs on her
She broke the shits, went and rushed the kid
Wavin her hands, she had a half an axe, all in her tracks
He grabbed her by the hair, she broke his jaw it cracked
More cops arrived, they both bloodied down by the five
Wildest niggas just smilin cause it look live
They gave her forty years in New Orleans, callin me wodie
Shorty was young, by three days had a great bid




You're just worms in the worst part of the apple that's rotten
You squirm and you turn from the right, still plottin
All slimy cause you stay grimy, petty crimey cat
You sometime me, don't need to remind me about
Livin in the core, with the scramblers in front of the store
The bum holdin the door, the mugging no one saw
We played ball in the alley where dope was shot raw
And the school they kept flawed, plus the lowest test scores
Small percentage determined to strengthen they position
Transformation from critical to, stable condition
But it still be obstacles on niggas that's optical
Watchin you like salt-water sharks that's tropical
The money was the root and it's the instinct to make it
With they pockets and fridge naked, many aim to take it
Whether - hold up, set up, stabbin or a wet up
Just to know it was the kid next door fizzucked your head up
Once he fell short, frequently visit the courts
And for some, another way out, is music and sports
That's why I, keep the rhyme just as fly as a shot
That won the championship, with just oh on the clock

 - repeat 2X




If it's a boy
His swag and ditty bop'll be just like mine
And if it's a girl
Ooh, just like her momma she gon' be so fly
What a joy we made, from the love we made
Yeah... yeah...


Yo, aiyo, I ran up on the corner, poppa warned her 'what'
She pulled her shirt down, smiled, trying to hide her butt
I said 'Nah, baby girlfriend, you ain't gotta do that'
Hope you ain't the anorexic type, trying to lose that
Us boys like 'em thick, short weaves, curls, braids
I take 'em buck 50, 60 with them thick legs
We can sail it out, five nights, six days
Boat cruise, wardrobe flights, everything's paid
If I'm aggressive, just pardon my gangsta
I just wanna get to know you, get to show you
The way I move, that's part of my gangsta
Like art, yo, I can sit you down and paint cha
Plus my stove game's up, no red meat, but having you
In my cypher right now, makes me feel complete
Like a baby going night-night, sucking on his baby bottle
You in a class by yourself, all them chicks follow




Yeah, yo, she cook and clean, matter fact she saved my life
When I'm outdoor, she check and see if I'm alright
I'm OK, babe, how you? I'm alright
Just that the baby's kicking, I want some Popeye chicken
And my back kinda hurt from the way I was sitting
Hurry home so you can rub my big belly and kiss it
And I need some, don't be fresh, girl
You know I can't help it, baby, it stay wet, girl
Yeah, that's my joy, love, strawberry shortcake
Leave me weak in the knees where I can't even walk straight
That's the reason I got two court dates
Grown nigga like me let his thing blaze for that
I was raised in the Stat', that's my word
I pluck something if you fuck with my bat
And my name ring round the way, girl, she the sweetest thing
I love you Starks, writing hearts in between our names




Mr. Producer, drop the beat right here, now
Ghostface Killah, let me talk to them
Radio Raheem


I will be the sweetest thing you've ever known
Like a kiss on a, collarbone
I wanna be ya, best friend, your homey and your king
And bring to fruition, all of your dreams
And so you're having my baby
So stay forever my lady, like Jodeci
Now, push (push) harder (harder)
I'd rather you be wifey, than to be a baby father






We used to sleep in the staircase, smoke weed in the staircase
Friday night got drunk, used to pee in the staircase
Hopin' a cop might slip, I'm never known to drop the clip
You copped the Fifth, nigga, I'll pop the fifth
I show no mercy, dunk like a bar of Hershey
Call my gun, Lil' Seymour, bitch, or Big Percy
A Dapper Dan fan, who will clap a man
For five grand of small bills, wrapped in a rubberband
Then lay up in a fat pair of titties, my bitch is so saditty
This is Dirt McGirt, ho, not P. Diddy
All we got in common is the money, the only thing I want is the money
You see my face on the wall of every precinct
Bitches keep your pussy decent, I'm juvenile delinquent
For guns that I creep with, they whisper, in secret
Only bitch that peepin', is the one that I sleep with, nih-huh!


Alotta niggas wanna dust me off
Bad bitches wanna suck me off
Rockafella dropped a million here
And Dirt McGirt back in the air
All my gangstas, where ya at?
Throw your guns up and make them clap
Tell me now, muthafuckas, you strapped?
And bitch betta have my money


Aiyo, the bitch better have your money and mine
Cuz if she don't, we both gon' double team that bitch from behind
And for them niggas outside screamin' that
'Somebody gotta die' shit, same dudes on the cop's dick
This is Tone, y'all niggas be frontin'
And most of y'all niggas don't got no guns
Borrowed your man's shit, how's that for a bum?
Dum-dums emptied out of pun son, so see man, see Ach' run
See spots over my Reebok's, cuz he got done
Cheap shots fell out his weak Glock and he got stung
My cheap gun is a gangsta's protein
Treat bitches with the utmost respect, like get 'em wetted
Tellin' to, drink the milk, boo, don't even wet it
This is Starky, I got a foot fetish, loot fetish
With the dust-head men, we got good credit




Notorious Glock buster, cap peelin', block hustler
Who slap hoes, who lack feelings
Black building, crack dealing, black villain
Had a taste for blood spillin', love stealin'
Any thing that twinkle bright to my eye sight
Many nights I used to stay up, at the twilight
And wonder to myself, if's there's a Heaven or Hell
Been alone in these streets, since eleven or twelve
On my own, I run buckwild in the West
A knucklehead nigga, used to sleep in my vest
Had no home, my Moms used to show me no lovin'
Burn the crib down, try'nna dry my shirt with the oven
Now I'm exiled, destined for penal
Hyperactive off the cocaine, got me senile
Back on the block, knowledge to build, knowledge to kill
Intent to put a dent in your grill with the steel





"It's true - the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang, could be dangerous!"


Uh-huh, Mr. Biggs, Trackmasters (woo!)
It's a Wu-Tang official right here y'know


Yeah, the employees of the year yeah we're back to work
We took time off, while other rappers got jerked
Shit's bout to change now, it's a shame how
Things ain't the same but I'm back in the game now
And as we step in the door, we cause panic
Yep, the usual suspects, we at it
Vet status, y'all went a week with the belt
Few chicks felt your style, now you feelin yourself
Meet your maker, I dropped you at eight years old
I got stock in your flow and crops to sharehold
Crops with the prose where cops won't dare go
Got top centerfolds too hot to wear clothes
Still me - always have and will be
Ill G - it's silly to hate but feel free
Hey - hear what I say, they gotta pay
And my return is like Christ, declare the holiday


Back in the game now.. copped me some weed now
My people bout to eat now.. shit's bout to change now
Back in the game now.. all my niggas in the hood now
Better catch up now.. shit's bout to change now


Uh, y'all see I'm in the street strugglin
Young dumb and thuggin, give a FUCK about nuttin
Stuck at rock bottom, tryin to come up on somethin
Pumpin from sundown to sun-up, we hustlin
Vision my nigga now get in where you fit in
And see prison, as just the high cost of livin the life
Ante up cause if you blow the dice
On that O-Z, Dorothy ain't goin home tonight
That's on e'rythang, put it on the kids and the wife
Been buryin my folks ever since they raised the price on the coke
Searchin for a quick antidote
Mo' money, mo' problems to cope


We were at the same table when the chips were checked
A gamblin +Rebel+ who +Inspects+ the +Deck+
Just when you thought we would fold our hand
Against all odds we raised the bet like we changed the plans
It was live on air but in between station breaks
I was holdin a pair and just made the table stakes
Split the demos, put insurance on tapes
A safeguard against the crusaders in capes
If I double down they say the Gods are sharks
If we win against the house they thought the cards was marked
We draw hit after hit from a royal flush menu
While the dealer promoted the full house venue
A spade in the club with the heart to wear diamonds
The high roller who got credit upon signin
They look puzzled when I shuffle, most of 'em stunned by the hustle
Recourse of bluff game's your muscle

 - 0.75X
 Say what? ("Shaolin shadowboxing!")
 Shit's bout to change..


Aiyyo, on rainy days I sit back and count ways on
How to get rich, coolin with a mean ill Jamaican bitch
Banana coat matchin with the ratchet
Lil' black weave sweatpants style, air force is actin
Jump in the 6, kicks look crisp, talkin bout the bird
Flow through your hood in the mean tints that's giant
It's like the family that flipped on you for lyin
Buried you alive, left your whore cryin
We on your floor look more doors
Dey ain't ate either, I hope y'all niggas is armed
And when we get there, all my niggas in the mix
Yeah Shallah Lex, Diamond got me buyin Louis Rich wear


Most people say the Clan was missin since I got dropped offa radio
Overnight your whole style was bitten in the process
Everybody switched they names like
Whatcha call it, any fast (?)
It was the Gods that repped that, sharkskin dark skinned bitches
Clarks from Digi left the game dizzy
Ooh got busy, that dancey shit slid through
We had to stay hood cause that's who we been through
RZA came through, mastermind got the cash and power
Proof that power plastered divine classical lines
Mathematical rhymes, the style is unbearable
Now niggas with the radical shines
It's Ghost-Deini, every coast need me
We back motherfucker that's right, it's the W.T.C
World Trade Center, Wu-Tang Clan
We brought so much heat that we was givin you tans an' shit



Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind
Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind


Uh, y'all see I'm in the street strugglin
Young dumb and thuggin, give a FUCK about nuttin
Stuck at rock bottom, tryin to come up on somethin
Pumpin from sundown to sun-up, we hustlin
Vision my nigga now get in where you fit in
And see prison, as just the high cost of livin the life
Ante up cause if you blow the dice
On that O-Z, Dorothy ain't goin home tonight
That's on e'rythang, put it on the kids and the wife
Been buryin my folks ever since they raised the price on the coke
Searchin for a quick antidote
Mo' money, mo' problems to cope


Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind
Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind


Aiyyo, on rainy days I sit back and count ways on
How to get rich, coolin' with a mean ill Jamaican bitch
Banana coat matchin' with the ratchet
Lil' black weave sweatpants style, air force is actin'
Jump in the 6, kicks look crisp, talkin bout the bird
Flow through your hood in the mean tints that's giant
It's like the family that flipped on you for lyin'
Buried you alive, left your whore cryin
We on your floor look more doors
Dey ain't ate either, I hope y'all niggas is armed
And when we get there, all my niggas in the mix
Yeah Shallah Lex, Diamond got me buyin Louis Rich wear


Most people say the Clan was missin' since I got dropped offa radio
Overnight your whole style was bitten in the process
Everybody switched they names like
Whatcha call it, any fast (?)
It was the Gods that repped that, sharkskin dark skinned bitches
Clarks from Digi left the game dizzy
Ooh got busy, that dancey shit slid through
We had to stay hood cause that's who we been through
RZA came through, mastermind got the cash and power
Proof that power plastered divine classical lines
Mathematical rhymes, the style is unbearable
Now niggas with the radical shines


Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind
Do you believe it's morning
I'm alive
But thats the last thing on my mind




Damn, damn, ma, we ain't even have to go through it like that
It wasn't even, even that big, man
You know, nah, it's ight though
But anyway, yo, let me get that coat
Let me get those jeans, and let me get that rock on your finger
Oh, it's stuck? Then I'll take the whole finger than, man
And let me get those bags from Paris, and the puppies is staying, yo!


Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
(Ok girl) Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncin' around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
(Ok girl) Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no


Aiyo, I should just bark on you, burn your car on you
Cuz I'm too much man, to leave a mark on you
You'se a bird, you know that, giving that man
Ten points, like he about to blow that
He probably did, you swallow his kids?
In and out of jail, he a snail, he wasn't wilding on bids
In the summertime, I broke his jaw, had to do it to him
Quick, old fashion, in the back of the mall
Me and him had 'mos forever, like I'm supposed to put him on
When he came home and told on Trevor
Had to bang on homey, ear blocks, out in spots
Throwing them shots, like 'nigga, you know me'
Stop fronting for them people outside like you really ride
And you a silly chick, thought you was really live
But I guess I was wrong, I'mma holla at dog
And rip his head off, words of a song




Aiyo, I thought we was iller than that, all them kisses
And love yous, when jake came, you hid my packs
It was time a brother went to war, vests banged up
Staining in the kitchen, yo, holding a four
Sweatin' and breathing, bounced out of town for a weekend
Heard you had homey in the passenger seating
Honey, look, I'm a monster don, I do monster things
That's why I put your ass under my arm
Messing with him can bring bodily harm
And where you gonna hide in the streets when the body is gone
If it's one thing I learned that, never trust a female
On no scale, you just confirmed that
Bounce to your momma house, pack your shit
I don't care if you crying, you'se a ruthless chick
Gots to watch you, these eyeballs in my face'll spot you
My girl cousins, they gon' rock you




Shorty what is you thinking bout
Didn't I put you down
Flyest whips, rollin' round like yea
That's the bosses chick, on the side
I might of had, one or two
Them silly broads wasn't nothing on you
Rolling with him, try'nna get revenge
That shit, you just don't do




Yeah, you see, this for the knucklehead
Females out there that wanna be
Acting like they getting they little revenge off
Taking it further than what it really is
You know what I mean, playing yourself...
Nahwhatimean... this is Don status, girl
You will have to hold that now...
Word up, and when I see money
I'mma hang him upside down, it's on
And not because of you neither, you know
You don't even need that... it's real
Yeah... got my swagger back and all that
Theodore for life, yo, yeah
Get that tattoo off ya back and all that
Take that off, you ain't Theodore no more
Youknowhatimean?




It's your boy Ne-Yo, we gonna do it like this
The Roc is in the building, yeah
It's the remix yo
Kanye is in the building
Yo, the monster don is in the building, we in here
Kanye West is in the building
Ghostface
Your boy getting fat now
I got the fat stomach and laid up, eating good now
Other girl all stressed out, my girl got the fat ass
Shorty mad, pulling her hair out


Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncing around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no


I'm high powered
Put Eva Mendes to sleep
Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week
But back to you, MAC gloss chick, you're way fit
How you have everything in this world and waste it
Prince told me it'll be ok
I'm so sick like Ne-Yo say
I'm laid back, like neo-soul
I holla back at this Creole ho
She from the N.O., but she never told me "N-O" so
We at the spot to chill, where the food get grilled
She ordered the Kobe beef like Shaquille O'Neal
Second I walked in, the whole room got still
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal
And she conceited, she got a reason
She got her hair did, she got her weave in
And I'mma sweat that out by the evening
You, I don't sweat that now, I got a new




Oh girl, I can't believe you zoned out
Played me for this dude, nice shoes and a bottle of coast out Mont'
I'm that Don Wilson
First one to put you up six suites in that Resident Hilton
Mink coach, colorful stones and big stacks
Yeah, I was fucking, but you don't get me back like that
Causing me grief, you know me and homey had beef
Now you got me losing my mind, out up in these streets
You flamingo, showing your true colors
Heard ya'll was ducking down low when you see my brothers
But it's all good, I move from ex to next
Got the baddest little chick to sign off of them checks
Fat bubble, her body's like one of the best
But I don't need to say nothing, ask Kanye West
She eye candy, smoother than Godiva chocolate
And you mad cause you played yourself, it's your fault, trick




Shot through the heart, the girl caught me
Shot through the block, with him shot gun
He lucky, I ain't stop, copped the shotgun
Killah type cat, you better be glad, I'm not one
Had a couple stars up in my sky
She was my moon and my sunshine
Dude ain't even fly, he just some guy
You blamed yourself, I'm done, peace, one





Ghostface: hey, yo that's soul right there don't touch that radio
Kid: F**k you
G: what'd u just say?
Kid: shut the f**k up
G: come on before i beat your little ass you little sucker
Kid: get your ass of the couch
G: what I tell you bout turnin that? this my couch, your mom's know you talk like that huh?
Kid: you're not my daddy
G: I'll knock your daddy out
Kid: he would f**k you up

G: punk ass daddy, you got a lotta problems, you know that little boy?
Mom: Is everything OK in there?
G: Yeah everything allright in here, we just chillin
G: Senority
Mom: ok just checkin
G: back to you you little motherf**k, i should just paint your ass
Kid: ....mother f**ker
G: ima paint the shit out of you, ima get my son to f**k you up
Kid:bitch ass nigga, eat a dick
G: eat a dick huh? thats how you feel huh? yall mothef**kers dont get beat no more thats what it is. your parents dont bust yo mother f**kin ass. but lemme tell you something ima take this f**kin belt off and ima whip your motherf**kin ass myself ya little bastard



Ghostface: hey, yo that's soul right there don't touch that radio
Kid: F**k you
G: what'd u just say?
Kid: shut the f**k up
G: come on before i beat your little ass you little sucker
Kid: get your ass of the couch
G: what I tell you bout turnin that? this my couch, your mom's know you talk like that huh?
Kid: you're not my daddy
G: I'll knock your daddy out
Kid: he would f**k you up

G: punk ass daddy, you got a lotta problems, you know that little boy?
Mom: Is everything OK in there?
G: Yeah everything allright in here, we just chillin
G: Senority
Mom: ok just checkin
G: back to you you little motherf**k, i should just paint your ass
Kid: ....mother f**ker
G: ima paint the shit out of you, ima get my son to f**k you up
Kid:bitch ass nigga, eat a dick
G: eat a dick huh? thats how you feel huh? yall mothef**kers dont get beat no more thats what it is. your parents dont bust yo mother f**kin ass. but lemme tell you something ima take this f**kin belt off and ima whip your motherf**kin ass myself ya little bastard




Never wanted to get left alone
I didn't know how to go along without you
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?
Think about the times we shared
Through the good and bad. Don't feel so sad
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?


Yeah yeah, did I make a mistake?
No no, is it too late?
Oh oh, did I make a mistake?
Yeah, yeah, uh



Hey yo man, what's the deal fam (yo yo)
Yo stay on top of that nigga when you gettin your cut G
That nigga just fuckin zeked me (damn son)
Look what he did to my motherfuckin shit (check this shit out)
Got me lookin all out of order (damn!)
(Yo cut my shit right nigga)


Aiyyo son whattup man what's good what's good
What's poppin with y'all niggas though and shit
How the fuck this nigga skimp me and shit like
The fuck like I don't spend no bread in here and shit
(Got that money, I got that money nigga)
I give that nigga fuckin Swiss Rolls, Jags, minks
I give that nigga shit for his fuckin grill man (true, true indeed)
The fuck man? Like I don't fuckin spend money in this bitch
Nigga what the fuck man? (Ha ha ha) (f'real f'real)
Yo whattup man, how you want it cut? {Shit whattup Starks?}
(Just give it to me how you been doin it) {Yeah yeah yo}
{Yo I just got that brand new 40 Cal son}
(Knahmean? Do no bullshit, and don't fuck me up this time neither)
{I gotta open it right now son}


(Aiyyo fam keep it cool, you know we got them thang thangs up in here man)
Yeah my nigga, buy you a Foreman Grill
Straght up, you like to eat right?
Fuckin with niggas heads and all that shit
Y'knahmean you got niggas goin to different barbers 'n shit
Nigga be throwin you forty beans, fifty beans and
And then can't get not one free cut out your lil' monkey ass right?
Alright


AHH! Didn't I tell you don't touch the sides? I'm goin bald on top!
You lucky you cool, I'mma let it ride
Slide, you played me so you can't get paid
How you gon' fuck up a don and cold dog his fade?
I look like UTFO one of them dudes from back in the days
The Educator Clapper is housin your coke and the spray
Barbershop niggas, always wind up fuckin around
One minute you hot, next minute you not
Remind me of the New York Knicks with they jumpshots
Ox, whack as hell, my ratchet spell
Fuck up again you'll have a funny smell
All Reneece is doin straight nails
Puttin in bangs for bitches
Hundred dollar weaves, some different strains of horsehair


Yo Tone put the gun away, the cops is here
(I want everybody down! I wanna see ID, and I don't wanna nobody sayin nothin)
(I put one of you moolies back, I'm telling you right now)
(I will shoot any one of you guys, I'm telling you)
(Don't hit the exit)




Yeah; yo shorty, move man
You know you ain't supposed to be over here, for real
Don't make us come and get you, man
Word up, man; tell your brother, man
That nigga better come around, man
Be good, man, we ain't sweatin' that little bit of money


Flooded the lobby with the big nickels
Playin' my square; talk halves only; bitch, eat a pickle
I'm melted up with Guess jeans, Champion sweat hood on
Philadelphy hat; two  blings
The Aston is dynamite red
Double-pipin' with the wrist lightning white
I shit on the hoodlings
All we hold is pedico and Eagles, Diesel weed
This time, I'm a shit rhymin' for kilos, yo
Who dare wan' test us? I flip the accent like Jamaicans
Kid, one stare, we shot your peoples
I'm always Bally'd up
Nigga, you want me? Yeah, we both street
I'm under the building, all in me, Yoshi
Bugged out, Bugs-Bunny-money niggas
Plus my hands is licensed; that's right, shoot up some dummies
Dare niggas; it's gon' be hell up in everywhere, when we find you
Plus we chopped off your mother hands..


And packaged it up, and then mailed it to your brother's house
We want that coke, nigga, every last fuckin' ounce
You fuckin' with the wrong team; I'll blow meat off your shoulders
Got more than just thugs, I pack heat in my Crown holders
Louie Vuitton Wallos, keep a ox in the gummy sole
Chain so big, nigga, it look like dummy gold
You funny, though; fuckin' with some savage my niggas
That'll kill when it comes to six O's in the figure
Gun clappin', have 'em ready to bust they triggers
You's a goner, gonna find you slumped in the river
With a Cuban Link purple tape stuck in your face
I'm a ghost, choked out, no prints to trace
No leads in the case, got a secret identity
Throw loose change in the game, son, peep the documentary
I know ya'll motherfuckers like the back of my hand
Fuck around with big Ton' and get stomped by the Clan, asshole!




Aiyo, Ghost, what's up nigga?
This "Supreme" talkin' to you and shit
You caught me all the way in Staten Island to see you
Beat the two minute and thirty seven second clock
Suprise: time started already, muthafucka
Say that shit, nigga


I'mma say it, don't get mad, y'all, I throw my darts sideways
Shoot 'em up, bang, bang, through me baby
Lovely lady, fuck the spades, drive the kid crazy
Before I go to bed, now I lay me
People be talkin', I feed dolphins
My defense'll fly the coop off your mean office
My skills is a fortune, robbin' leech out a suite auction
Teach then fall off the greatest, fuck what they say
Cuz we against the abortions, and we
Lay low-oh-oh, silent those clowin' foes
Got them clothes for his new funeral
We them Fat Albert, spot runnin' '86 crack viles and pictures
Lookin' all suspicous, I'm out..


Aiyo, hold up! What the fuck you stop for?
(I got somethin' in my--) Nah, you can't be stoppin', g
What the fuck you ain't got -- aiyo, you buggin' and shit
Son, you gotta hurry the fuck up
Time is runnin' nigga, come! What the fuck??


I work magic out of liquor store
Give me a dollar and I turn that bitch into five
And all I need is one more, to get things started
Get retarded, and once you -- I'mma fix these artists
Take 'em one by one, tie 'em up, line 'em up
Treat 'em like a cigar, fire them niggas up
They be up in the club, six/three tree'd up
With them young 'keds with their gear all beat up
This is how I'mma kill 'em with four lines left
Hold your breath, say my name five times it's take's practice, yo
Decap' him with sayin' my name, it's like matches, yo
It's time to fuck up on account in a house, or blow


Na-na-na-na-na, nah, nah, fuck that four-line shit
You cheatin' and shit, I ain't come here for all that
(I'm tired, though lord, what the fuck)
What you mean you tired and shit, g?
You suppose to be that nigga, nigga then show me
If you that nigga! Then show me, nigga!


I hold a mic like I'm Gale Sayers
Hoppin' over chairs like O.J., my rushin' yards
Them pen, how the meter spray
Happy wife-beater day, don't touch my, cheeba hay
Get off my D-I, then go C the K's (case)
'Scuse me Mr. D.J., please play "Fish"
Or that Cherchez LaMe, ten four, may day-may day
Callin' all cars, callin' all cars
We have an APB on Starks and Trife the God
We left the jewelry store, feelin' like we left the morgue
We was frozen, and I brought an iced out Trojan
That's for pussies whose golden, who got Toney wide open
I put my ring up to my man's waves and seen an ocean
Move like a wolf, kid, in sheep's clothing
Snatch the money bag off the milk truck and kept boating
I be potent like ibuprofen, I be coastin'
With two shotties on me, in your grimiest lobby smokin'


This muthafucka made the clock!
Mutha-- where the fuck?
Yo, you be cheatin', mutha-, you be cheatin'
That's that Staten Island, bullshit
Theodore... you know you might be a Ghost
But you ain't Houdini, muthafucka!




Standing at the bus stop
I heard a voice behind me saying: "Hi, baby"
Ohh I just fell all apart inside
Because I hadn't heard that voice in such a long time
I turned around...


That's right y'all, y'all shoulda seen what I did
So so pretty, so pretty - y'all hear how she sounds right?
She sounds crazy right? Yes
This what happened at the bus stop


She turned around and this grown lady said hi
I was quite stunned from the way she replied
Peace, nice to meet ya, sweetie call me Tony Starks
Ghost if you like ta, mind if I invite ya
Over for some red wine, nice Barry White huh
She pulled out a cigarette, hon here's a lighter
Her voice was a slow jam, full length white mink
Hella fine with a beauty mark on her right cheek
When she spoke her smoke floated when it left her throat
Spelled honey when she blew it out it turned to water word
I was infatuated
She put the perfume to her neck and sprayed it
Plus the bottle was nickel plated
It make a young girl steez yo feel outdated
And know the married chicks shopping with they man's hated
One stone on her finger was green, Maybelline
Cover Girl lipstick, plump color fingertips
Revlon face blush, oh-five-six shit
The ashes was hangin off her stog' so she flicked it
Damn, had to bundle up, I caught goosebumps
Plus the windchill factor had dropped, here the bus come
I never rush one, here take my number miss
I live alone, her face fell when I dropped the chrome
Damn, can I have YOUR number?



Yeah, what's happening New York City?
It's ya boy Ghost in the muthafuckin' house tonight
("Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry")
Know what I mean? We about to get it popping, let's go!
Yo! Yo!


Tell your crew to be easy, niggas run around
With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's
In the house, put the record on replay


Get your nose blowned off by the fifth, uh
You wanna be there, layin' all stiff, uh
Everytime you go uptown, you get jipped, uh
That's karma, boy, running your lip, uh
You be fronting like you got a bunch of chicks, uh
You be at home, nigga, beating your dick, uh
I'm in the club with the chipped up wrist, uh
You at the bar, whoadie, drinking my piss, uh
The yellow shit, and the bottle ain't Crys', son
You turned your muthafuckin' head, nigga, we switched 'em
You just mad cause I'm hitting your sister
You in the other room, huh, you couldn't sleep, uh
Pop a lotta shit without that liquor, yup
We mossied up, so take our picture
I'm like the boogeyman, nigga, I'll get ya
Whether now or later, afterlife, or switcher


Yeah, oh shit, aiyo Tone hurry up and get 'em, nigga
You knowhatimean, it's about to pop off!
Ya'll niggas clear the fucking floor
Get the fuck out the way, come on!


Tell your crew to be easy, niggas run around
With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's
In the house, put the record on replay


Yo, it's Tone in the building (the teams in the building)
Niggas wanna beef (what up, what up, what up)
We packed to the ceiling (we constantly chilling)
We can cause (we could, we shoot, we slice, we cut)


Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yea, now
Yes, my birthday landed in May, now
Peace to Dirt Dog, I'm back like deja vu
Leave your girl around me, I will bag your boo
Ahh, you bitch niggas better listen up
Anybody front, paramedics gonna pick 'em up
They try to save you, swear to God, I hit the nurse up
Like "Nah, doc, he look better in a hearse truck"
I tried to ignore it, his people saw it
I ain't the type of dude you go to war with
My Polo gun yo, will crack the floor shit
When the heat's on, you know I draw it
I had his number down, Toney just called it


Yo, aiyo, Pete Rock, good looking nigga!
Staten Island, yo Theodore! What's the deal
Slap me one of the ratchets, I'm about to go in! Yo!


Tell your crew to be easy, niggas run around
With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's
In the house, put the record on replay


Gotta get that cheese, gotta pimp that V
Gotta burn those leaves, and uh
Pretty Tone make the girls say please
Daddy work that d, put it in and be eas' and uh
So what, come on, now some of y'all people
Might know me from my wallabies
Pretty bitches got my number, y'all can dial me
I stick it up like an iced cake robbery
And when I'm done, y'all can finger nail file me
Floss the ill robes since Criminology
Supreme Clientele, put the world on top of me
Yo babe, hurry up with those collard greens
I represent S.I., ain't as wild as me
They lousy, I'm phat like a pound of cheeba weed brownies
Tone got the powder squeeze, don't surround me
Quick to pick a honey up, shit, the flow's Bounty
Ya'll can just crown me!


Yeah, that's right
I like to thank y'all for coming out tonight
How y'all like that shit? You know what I mean?
You really run New York
This is that Theodore shit, muthafucker!
 



"Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry"


Tell your crew to be easy, niggas run around
With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's
In the house, put the record on replay


Colorful kicks and my closet like Baskin-Robbins
Central Park killings, stab niggas while they jogging
No shirt on, whilin' like I sniffed the eight
At the ball game, jumped down and stole the base
Some muthafuckas said it was bass
Silly me, thought it was a 12 by 12 inch Colombian snowflake
Mob Jacob slow cut 8 six, the semi have
Niggas running like Forrest when he broke his braces, pa
Scold a nigga like a pile of hot chocolate
Before I eat her, I belong on a bitch cartridge
Niggas kill me potraying that hard shit
Shove his face in the dirt like an ostrich
On some mob shit, no talking, like we resolve shit
Stretch a nigga out like an enlarged dick
That's one for you, one-two for me
I'm hoggin' and shit, y'all muthafuckas best to be easy


The pyroclastic flow, you know the side, bitch
You know the side, bitch, huh, ah


Fuck you, if you don't think I get money
I get it all day, standing in the hallway
On broadway, bitches wanna call Shea
Over to the car, but ho, I'm the superstar
Get your ass out, fuck if you pass out
Walk over to ya man, pull the cash out
Put it in my hand, watch a nigga mash out
Walk back to your car, with your ass out
Fuck a ghostwriter, nigga down wit Ghostface
I'm a killa, wit that chrome in ya face
Blow ya face back, turn you into a ghost
Hit you like Kenny hit Casper on the post
West coast, ya ho, ya gotta love it
It's Ice Cube, yea, bitch, I got it covered
I got a movie for ya kids, a dick for your bitch
A four-five slug for your wig
They wanna put me out the league like Terrell
Til they CD smokin' double barrels
Ice Cube, will fuck off movie money
Then serve you on the mic, and make whitey feel funny


Yeah... what's happpening New York City?
It's ya boy Ghost in the muthafuckin' house tonight
("Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry")
Nahwhatimean? We about to get it popping, let's go!
Yo! Yo!




Get your nose blowned off by the fifth, uh
You wanna be there, layin' all stiff, uh
Everytime you go uptown, you get jipped, uh
That's karma, boy, running your lip, uh
You be fronting like you got a bunch of chicks, uh
You be at home, nigga, beating your dick, uh
I'm in the club with the chipped up wrist, uh
You at the bar, whoadie, drinkin' my piss, uh
The yellow shit, and the bottle ain't Crys', son
You turned your muthafuckin' head, nigga, we switched 'em
You just mad cause I'm hittin' your sister
You in the other room, huh, you couldn't sleep, uh
Pop a lotta shit without that liquor, yup
We mind seat up, so take our picture
I'm like the boogeyman, nigga, I'll get ya
Whether now or later, afterlife, or switcher


Yeah, oh shit, aiyo Tone hurry up and get 'em, nigga
You knowhatimean, it's about to pop off!
Ya'll niggas clear the fucking floor
Get the fuck out the way, come on!



 (Ghostface Killah)
Yo, it's Tone in the building (the teams in the building)
Niggas wanna beef {what up, what up, what up}
We packed to the ceiling (we constantly chilling)
We can cause {we could, we shoot, we slice, we cut}


Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yea, now
Yes, my birthday, landed in nay, now
Peace to Dirt Dog, I'm back like deja vu
Leave your girl around me, I will bag your boo
Ahh, you bitch niggas better listen up
Anybody front, paramedics gonna pick 'em up
They try to save you, sware to God, I hit the nurse up
Like "Nah, doc, he look better in a herse truck"
I tried to ignore it, his people saw it
I ain't the type of dude you go to war with
My polo gun yo, will crack the floor shit
When the heat's on, you know I draw it
I had his number down, Toney just called it


Yeah, that's right
I like to thank y'all for coming out tonight
How y'all like that shit? Youknowhatimean?
You really run New York
This is that Theodore shit, muthafucker!






Cocaine flow, cocaine dough
Where that money, where that paper, where that cocaine go?
Lay 'em down, face first, take the numbers out his cell
Get his connect to gag him, so the faggot don't yell




What happened to that street shit you rap about?
Where that spot that you sell heron, and dope and all that crack about
Niggas stop fronting, you don't own a Glock
If I take it off your neck, you probably call the cop, it's like




Aiyo, I had to shove the fifth in his mouth
He tried to raise the price on me in the spring, in the midst of a drought
Told him papi, no need, just put the slabs in the bag
Then I told him shut the fuck up but his dog even said "arf! arf!"




'88 Riker's Isle, banging for phone time
One big nigga slid through, bulky with two shines
Winked at my goons, they leave quick, big man ran
To the bubble, leaking, repeating that help shit




We smack niggas up, shake 'em down as we see 'em
Take his jewelry and his podium
Sheek and Ghostface on our '88 shit, get your chest hit
Box cutter, get your face split, they yelling like!




Out of respect, I through the gun to his neck, he had singles and loose change
And yo, four bundles of wet
Told him, yo, kid, respect the juks, and there's one thing
You shouldn't yell around murderous crooks and that's






I been up, and I been down
'Til you helped me put my feet on solid ground
I been rich and I been poor
'Til you showed me that there's so much more


Look, ayo I'm not supposed to be here, beatin they odds
Beatin they charts and graphs, so I'm beatin they god
And I'm not the only one, see the drama is common
Ask my homey what he been through when he started bombin'
He said "don't push me"
I done pushed crack cocaine and I done pushed dope in my vein
I done sold it to my main man moms too, it's horrible
The things we do, in pursuit of the loot
Ghetto currency, we was trading food stamps, 7 for 10
So I could chip in on the sac with my man
Ghetto clinics give dirty abortions and then
Evil scientists pass out pills and cut foreskins
Cut off like orphans in group homes
Lost in the system, foster care victims
Wards of the state, the more they take, the more they make
We tip-toed into a pit of snakes, but wait...



[Verse 2, Ghostface Killah)
Yo, yo, I been a poor broke nigga in the hood, dusted out
Sold blue tops of crack, hid tecs in the couch
Had big chains and eagle brace, birds all in the state
5,000 diamonds on the face of my dinner plate
Been shot, been in the E.R. under false identity
Tried assassinating Ghost like J.F. Kennedy
The Wally Don, stay in the mind, seeing Allah's Qu'Ran
I been a wild motherfucker until I'm righteous calm
Pop balloons, I slap goons, hit bigs pushin' angeldust
Fuck wildflower bitches, my life has been dangerous
Star studded out, laying on top of the globe
Now I carry globes draped out in Rhinestone robes
It's the world's greatest, I run through your neighborhood district
Me and my Theo goons, we move with the biscuits
Ratchet, spit metal lungies like bastards
And get meal stacks everytime the camera flashes




I been cuffed and stuffed, enough is enough
I'm supposed to been gone so I'm calling they bluff
Been at gunpoint, heart boom boom boom boom
Been running for my life, yo I knew it was doomed
Since I been alive, I been hearin these lies
Been gone, been back while my homeboys died
I been in crackhouse raids, packing a gauge
I been from, braids to dreads and dreads to fades
I been a music junkie since back in the day
Been waking up to Prince went to bed with Maze
I been, through the court, looked the judge in the eye
Been through the worst days when I wanted to die
I been, high off that gray, slingin that yae
Mix it with hay, wake til the break of day
Been to Botswana felt the Sun on my skin
Been to Germany, don't want to do it again


I been talked about, and I been stoned
I been praised, and I been dogged
I met all kinds, trampled over this world
Still you'll all me, into a different girl
Something in the way you make me feel (M-1 - damn it feel good to be alive)
Feel (M-1 - no matter what they do, we still survive)
Feel (Raye - it makes me feel real)
You got the right stuff, and I don't know what
Came over me
When I looked at your baby, it was so plain to see




Give me the cue


Skip the introduction proceed to lip function
The junction get rushed by some grimy people busting weed
Splatter your melon like some Attica felons
Use a firearm good, Bloods go for heart swelling
Insert the spasm, yes the dirty herb has him
Thoroughbred thugs insert the fantasm
Verbal smarts, spark the word, visit my scripture
Exotic wine, holding nine Picasso pictures
When the rhyme pivot you now, limit your chance
Bodyguard the lyric with unlimited stance
Words seem to zing on down to Beijing
When we touch down, would you crown renowned kings


There's no honor amongst thieves
Street pharmaceutical stack like Genovese
The Four Devils tempt madmen but not these
We profound hardcore sound to MCs, thumbs down, prepare
Killa bees it be warfare, this the year
Niggas gotta take you off of here, hold the square
If we go there we go gritty and spread fear
Through this rap city, call the mayor
My razor sharp darts be like cold stares
The smell of fear make my nostrils flair, truth or dare?
Ask yourself can you compare to these niggas in the hood
Johnny B. Goode or he be gone yeah
The struggle goes on, you've been warned
PLO from here to Lebanon, how many bomb
Must we drop in the Ninety-Now?
Walk a mile in my shoes, get the street news from Meth-Tical


Glocks'll be spitting, you gots to be kidding
Aiyo kid you gots to be kidding
Or Glocks'll be spitting
You gots to be kidding yo


It's common sense how I master my circumference, you dense
I get locked the fuck up, released on my own recognizance
Can't be judged, young bloods bust back like scuds
Wu-Tang hovers one thousand notches above
MC level, yo, I stay highs like treble
Foes who oppose get plucked like rose petals
Arresting and holding, penetrate forbidden regions
Wack MCs only lasting one season
The morale was low at the corral
Adjective pronouns had no style, your weak proposal
Aim for the official, initial is Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah
All that other bullshit ain't permissible
Annual increase of the Wu-Tang Manual
Handles to keep all this Hip Hop shit tangible
Illegible, every egg ain't edible
My tracks remain 'Unforgettable' like Ol' Nat Cole
Got to catch this paper to buy Shaquasia a glacier
Nebuchadnezzar skyscraper
Understanding the continents of Africa and Asia
And free the Black Man from enslaved labor, Wu-Tang


The weight of the fam is on our back and we can't fall
Victim to this long hall of fame, meaning nothing
We came to punish the glutton with a substance
That can't be contained, Wu-Tang


Motherfuckers
We be seeing y'all asses when we walk up in the club
Y'all all in the back
Scared to speak, we speak cause you scared
Punk motherfucker, we know what time it is


All you been seeing is upsets in the boxing shit, right
It's like come on man
This nigga fucked up motherfucking Whitaker
Dang, he caught Whitaker
He caught Whitaker a long time ago
Mike got touched
Then Mike got touched by Holyfield
Hey Mike's, Mike's gonna forfeit this fight
He ain't fighting McDermit
He ain't fighting
Nope
Whattup
You talking bout he, what he, what he, what he did
Told them he cut his eye, in sparring


Stella D'oro wrap breadsticks, David Berkowitz
Einstein birthed a hit, now nurture it
M.G.M. front row seat tonight, no gems
Purify, cleanse, ran into some beef up in the men's
Fix your sawed off, Wu-Tang tore me off the cross
All you saw was white meat, skin hanging off
These is words from the Arch Bishop, some call it six up
The Betty Crocker Marvel cake, snakes will miss a
Wax janitor, black Jack Mulligan from Canada
Slam dance, tarantula style, you's a fan of the
Monopoly king, Slavic poetry
Carnegie Hall's off the hook, let's push through the armory
Mack truck hitting soloist, Soul Controllers
Behold of the thousand teeth fist, swift and boneless


You know cause Wu-Tang is invincible, you know what I mean
It's Wu-Tang Forever God
We gonna get down with that W
You gonna get down with that W
That's that Wu, that's that Wisdom
That's the Wisdom of the Universe
That's the truth, of Allah, for the Nation of the Gods
YouknowhatI'msayin
We breaking egg through these days God
YouknowhatI'msayin
We got the fucking way
We got the medicine for your sickness
Out here, ya knowhatImean
I was telling Shorty like
Yo Shorty, you don't even gotta go to summer school
Pick up the Wu-Tang double CD
And you'll get all the education you need this year
YouknowhatImean
Their poisoned minds can't comprehend this shit
Word man it's Wu-Tang Forever God
Niggas can't fuck with these lyrics God
YouknowhatI'msayin
Knamean
Oh hell no, none of this shit
C'mon man -- beats, lyrics man, y'all niggas
Niggas can't even understand half this shit
I think niggas ain't gonna figure it out til the year Two-G
(Wax niggas ass for free or fee) Word
Yo, you know what
The next Wu-Tang album ain't even coming out until 2000
YaknowhatImean
That's just gonna come back with a comet
You hear, we gonna bring a comet
Check for that shit in the millenium
YouknowhatImean? So, yo, y'all niggas man
Be the resurrection
The Gods is here man
Born Gods is here




Yeah, uh-huh, yo, yo


Portable DATs, Sony headphones
El Dorado's, thousand dollar bottles, get blown
Diplomat Willie's, Millie Jackson chicks, dusted out Blondie
Slide me, we wrote the bowl, we take the magnets
Man handling mics, wool scarves, Evil Knievel bikes, I like eggs in my rice
Circus money, read the Staten Island funnies
Eighty seven, Shallah rock, lotto's and the gumby
Tri-boro, fly negro, rap for Glaciers
Do it for cee-lo games, cases, battle for bitches
Million dollar cribs, grandfather gamble those wit ribs, yes he did
Life is wonderful, fly living rooms, brass brooms
Catch me in the city of Watts, dusted out with Doc Doom
Slide you, thirty six to the hip, you need Neo
Sock it to me G.O., the block we spot V.O
Live at the handball session, white Wimbledon's
Send them, my throat is the top session for men
Rap graduate, seen through the needles that was used by dopes
Fuck around and get rocked for three notes
And fuck your bitch ass alligators
When I see you on stage, throw out the gauge, my man's dough made us


Aiyo, elephant guns, mad ounces, colorful whips
Slapped up bouncers, pouches
Ball like a unit, fly fragrance, faceless
Rarely out of spaceships, many fakes got lynched
We all pornographic, taylor made mortals
Leanin' on suede walls, leather's on, ballers
Maybe Benz lenses, sprayin' out of sixes, Christmas money
Vicious consolidated drama rip bitches
The rich version of black, skyscraper paper
Wu belt makers, show & prove that all my shit match
Tri-colored diamonds, foreign color five
All kinds of iron, Swiss cheese, yea, big boy, we giants




Aiyo... aiyo, what up, yo
What up, ya'll, this that Pretty Toney shit
Aiyo, I know there's a lot of hoods and shit out there
A lot of niggas done got bodied
A lot of niggas done got robbed and shit
You know what I mean? We love a lot of things in the hood
But time goes on... and if we don't change a lot of shit
Shit always gonna be this way, and that's a muthafucka fact!
True gangsta shit, ya'll, yo, yo, yo
When ya'll turn my mic up in here, bareback shit
Knowhatimean? Tired of ya'll muthafuckas and shit
One-two, fuck around and clob on one of ya'll muthafuckas
Yo Spidey, put that reverb shit, on
Come on... "Can you feel it? Can you feel it?" Yeah
"Can you feel it..." Let's go, fuck it...


Live from Staten Island, where the gangstas kill
Only place on the map, that got the 30 dollar bill
And we front like we got millions
Our specialty is how we willie, niggas
That's how Buck brought the building
And the police is pussy, they protect and serve
They connect, with baseheads then they frisk our birds
Smack DVDs, blowin' herb, I'm in the room
Bonin' these two white bitches, Ice baggin' up work
That's how we get down, fuck Vegas
The black Carlo Gambino, rockin' the wallo's
Blow his diamonds in Z-No's, spicey, verses is jalapeno
Best to leave, when I'm in the big Escalade, I'm sittin' on Dino
Tone Stark, a poet's art, kiss the girls
And bake them pies, clean up, some are old darts
This that real live don' shit, you heard!


Yo, they lick forty rounds, today
Okay, plus the shit is mad hot around the way
Niggas don't give a fuck on any time or day
Or if he dyin' today, or could he find a way
Blow niggas over 'turf, bitches, dimes and trays
Blow a nigga a jewel and watch him slide away
It's like that, in the hood, he in the grimy say
But what we try'nna say is gonna "be this way"
It don't have to... it don't have to... "My God!"


With big carrots and static, with that leaves the bad habits
Drugs layin' in buildings with great big automatics
Animos' in the hood, it's a fact, we could do magic
Splatter faggots in lobbies, the heat burn off his eyelashes
Don't try to pass this, back up or you'll receive something
Real tragic, them hollows'll race through your jacket
Semi gangstas with weak tactics
Forensic scientists called in to display graphics
For square inch to his back winds
They brain and spleen is left all over a fiend's mattress
Bastard, we cock and squeeze after we leave our ratchets
We keep the hood cryin' for massive havoc
No Trix we take from silly rabbits, yo feed them lead carrots
The little mans'll connect and they touch that fabric
The only thing that can stop 'em is that tephlon phat shit
Maybe artillery's heavy like a bunch of fat chicks
Brrrr.... baow! Ain't no comin' back bitch!




"Ways... be this way!" (3X)




The slums of a big town as packed with drama and danger as the squalling street of some native quarter. In the heart of this melting pot of crime stands an oasis, where one man struggles against the forces that turned his loved one to lives of violence and shame


He spares no one
He was forgotten, but he was someone
So beware of the stare of the Ghostface Killah
So beware of the stare of the Ghostface Killah


Beware, son, I got the stare of Medusa
With the rope tied around your neck, it won't get looser
I might shoot ya, make your ass an example
You can't fuck with Tone Starks, and not get trampled
Get hunted like a rat in a field, I hate rats
Hate fake ass niggas that love to set traps
Murder the don, I'm back with a bird on my arm
Back to pillage, I rock a live grenade as a charm
I want bodies, DeLucas, spread into the waters
I want mothers and sons, I wanna murder they daughters
Revenge, all I see is blood in my eyes
Like the rise of your worst nightmare come alive
Ghostface Killah, let's see who's gonna survive


He spares no one
He's not forgotten, cause he was someone


Yo, look away, don't stare into the eyes of a killer
Metal lungies, junkies, nigga, I pack the nine millers and thrillers
Bulletproof robes and wave caps
Revenge mode, nigga, you know Ghost gon' stay strapped
Hunt 'em down in alphabetical order
Each person that crossed me, watch the man slaughter
The butcher, the baker, the torturer, the taker
I'mma send you right back to your maker
A few extra holes, miss your soul sold to the devil
It's the rebirth of slick brought back as a rebel
I'm immortal, gonna kill generations of your fam
You tried to loathe my legacy away, but I stand stronger
GFK, the pain prolonger


He was a lonely man, they killed him
Cause they didn't understand
Though his spirit possesses a rhythm
As the words on this record unleashes the Ghostface Killah




The slums of a big town as packed with drama and danger as the squalling street of some native quarter. In the heart of this melting pot of crime stands an oasis, where one man struggles against the forces that turned his loved ones to lives of violence and shame


Beware, son, I got the stare of Medusa
With the rope tied around your neck, it won't get looser
I might shoot ya, make your ass an example
You can't fuck with Tone Starks, and not get trampled
Get hunted like a rat in a field, I hate rats
Hate fake ass niggas that love to set traps
Murder the don, I'm back with a bird on my arm
Back to pillage, I rock a live grenade as a charm
I want bodies, DeLucas, spread into the waters
I want mothers and sons, I wanna murder they daughters
Revenge, all I see is blood in my eyes
Like the rise of your worst nightmare come alive
Ghostface Killah, let's see who's gonna survive


Yo, look away, don't stare into the eyes of a killer
Metal lungies, junkies, nigga, I pack the nine millers and thrillers
Bulletproof robes and wave caps
Revenge mode, nigga, you know Ghost gon' stay strapped
Hunt 'em down in alphabetical order
Each person that crossed me, watch the man slaughter
The butcher, the baker, the torturer, the taker
I'mma send you right back to your maker
A few extra holes, miss your soul sold to the devil
It's the rebirth of slick brought back as a rebel
I'm immortal, gonna kill generations of your fam
You tried to loathe my legacy away, but I stand, stronger
GFK, the pain prolonger





Every girl that's guilty of waiting so long, sometime
So it seems like it doesn't make sense




Yeah, it was them cute pretty bitches that was smelling like coke
They kept going  like they had shit in they throats
They had stacks on the tables, cables
I had to say it was like early May
A few days 'til my birthday date, baby date
I'll play to the sucker DJ, looking like Enrique
Told him to throw in that Supreme Cliee-ente
He said just gave a nod with a thumbs-up wink
I just put down my dollar bill, took off my mink
Bartenders know we big spenders, gave us those mobster drinks
Sent us lobsters and cigars that stink
Playing them oldie-but-goodie classics, them honies had fat asses
Noses runnin' from the raw, they hid behind they glasses
Toney with the Montana, I came to play
With my long fingernail, your honey should pass that yay
Let me see what color you got boo, I got that beige
I see y'all from the perihperals, ladies far right from the stage
I'm 33, I look 26 with big furs on
What y'all inherit, the Santa Maria?
Y'all money that long?
Your father must have fell back when y'all started fucking
You asked me what I think about dude? I say "fuck him"
And this one bitch called me Fat Albert
The way my pockets had the mumps, you know that Ghost is 'bout it
Then I asked these young ladies do they buff helmets
They said "fuck you", took a sniff and then they didn't tell me
Just because you left home, this is Tone
Yo, you see I flip stones
Birthstone, you ain't grown fuck around and get boned
3 rich pretty young ladies lost at 6, Gucci kicks
And they picky when it come to they dick
If y'all ladies was all mine I'd teach you well
Free tales, sweet smells, eat well, hear bells
Before you sleep, read your books like it was my fanmail
And when you wake, you be a new woman, know the whole world can tell
Word life, put you to school when the clubs'll stop
College girl, pay for your books at 200 a pop
And all I ask in life's for you to be careful
Stay focused, take care of your health
Have kids and marry a prince
Good luck and happiness
And no longer shut yourself in, taste the pain, the sorrow
The sun'll shine and still come out tomorrow
And maybe be a secretary, business woman, 5th Ave., or run a library
You got the right conversation, education and looks
With the right intelligence to stay away from them crooks
Baby get on your feet, be an accountant, doctor, lawyer or nurses's aid
Computer wizard, you about to get paid


Yea
You know I just met y'all
And I love y'all already and all that
But I gotta get off that nose candy
To make it in life and all that shit
That's why I'm here
I'm like a father figure and all that shit
I let y'all get high, and that's all you're going to do but
Ya'nawm sayin?
Cause I drop jewels all over the place
Y'all too pretty for that
Some of y'all nose hairs is burnt
I just want you to snap out of it
You know why? cause you's a




One, two, three, four
Blaka blaka blaka ah


I got bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I keep shit right, eat her pussy, tight
It's okay motherfucker, it's chill, chill
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real


Bills, bills
I fuckin' got them bills
I ain't talkin' 'bout them stacks
So get back to movin' them pills
Do you really think we wanna drug deal?
Do you think we wanna lie, cheat and steal?
Ransack through the backpack  hatchback
Move them wheels and off we peel
These streets don't give you nothin'
That's why I gotta take me somethin'
I mother be strugglin', hustlin'
Payin' her mortgage, rent, water, debt
Torture this order, never been poorer
How they getting porno when you're always on tour
Fuck this system, that's what I oughta do
So I preach this to ya daughter


One, two, three, four
Blaka blaka blaka ah


I got bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I keep shit right, eat her pussy, tight
It's okay motherfucker, it's chill, chill
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real


Real, real
Till I'm pushin' up them daisies
Yeah, I tell it how it is
Live this shit up on the daily
See I'm tryna stay positive
But when your bank account say negative
You feel the whole world be your nemesis
I know one way to reap benefits
Mask it up
Forever, forever ever, forever ever?
I never say never, but I never say much
But I'm killin' dirty cheddar then I send it in a letter
To my mother motherfucker, does it get her through the winter
So  I'm a bitter man
But since I've been immoral had time to plan
While I see 'em fall my team expands



One, two, three, four
Blaka blaka blaka ah


I got bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I keep shit right, eat her pussy, tight
It's okay motherfucker, it's chill, chill
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real


Babies cryin', homies dyin'
That's one of the reasons I keep that iron
Every little hollow-head get to flyin'
But TEC where I rest at like a lion
Bills, bills, for it I kill
How could I let my kids sleep with no meal?
You don't even know how much blood I would spill
If I can't put meat up on  grill
My landlord want that rent
Baby mama screamin' she broke
Car dealer need that note
My old lady need coat
Listen, I need that green like 
Every month take care of my folks loan
Like 
Before I leave the game, they like "That motherfucker, he spoke"


One, two, three, four
Blaka blaka blaka ah


I got bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I keep shit right, eat her pussy, tight
It's okay motherfucker, it's chill, chill
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
I stay one-hunnid while I split these bills
You don't know what it's like to not eat three meals
Bills, bills, I got bills
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real


Yo, y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real
Yo, y'all motherfuckers don't keep shit real




Yo... who the fuck brought me this chocolate shit, man?
I said a banana nutriment, man
Ya'll heard the fuck I said... I gave you
I wrote it on the fuckin' paper, man
Y'all muthafuckas always fuckin' around and forgettin' something and shit
Smart dumb niggas and shit, runnin' around here and shit
Y'all niggas need to wisen up, man, yo..
Get off that special ed shit, man


I said Big O, hydro-face, pass me the sazon, it's on
There go son, tap out the hash bone
Half moon, he rock, three's fourth quarter length
No jewels, no rocks, it's not worth the spotlight
His gun tool, was a half a hill
That's a six digit slip behind five sticks, eatin' steel, fuck him
We gon' -- we gon' get our money
If he front, they gon' read about the rocks in his tummy
Mouth was red, socks was bloody, fuck all the talkin'
Safety off and shit, crept up, "What up money? Freeze!"
Don't move, turn around, act like James Brown
And get down! Get slapped with the p-dound
Wasn't you the same clown? Uptown, yappin'
I keep big Shirley on my side, so What's Happenin'?
Try eatin' these shells, they non-fattening
After you digest gat, I'mma stomp you bastards
So take that.. blaow, blaow! Ghost, he still breathing
Blaow, blaow! Anything after that it don't matter
Your homies and your close relatives
Even them nosy ass pigs'll get splattered
It's the T-H-E-O-D-O-R-E, send me to Iraq I come back with don heat
Teeth, less than a week, they be callin' me
Keep with the fists, cuz I sure do cook when it's beef


Yo, what up? Meet, these, O.G.'s, quote these and
Baller' shit, long revolvers
Fuck around, take all your shit
Call your bluff, y'all faggots don't want no beef
Grind your teeth, and just, roll with it, don't risk it
Fuck around, and be a statistic


Yo, yo, niggas ask why I use my Glock
Cuz it's 2003, muthafucka, I refuse to box
I'm true to block, strip you for your shoes and socks
Remove your watch, yo I'mma have to lose your top
I'm from a place where junkheads and zombies dwell
And niggas keep they heat blazin' like Bonzi Wells
Don't ever talk to a nigga like I'm one of your kids
Cuz I'll cock back the mac and pop one in your ribs
So homeboy, keep runnin' your jibs, I'mma run in your crib
Pistol whip you right in front of your wiz
My nigga, that's how it is, I get it, just how I live
Cuz me without a gun, is like Queens without the bridge
Classic cut, this is how a O.G. live
Lamp in village, and still get heard with no spins
This is Trife Diesel, New York's backbone, back home
Black blown, it's Theodore, nigga, fuck your wack stones




That's right, it's real!
It's that muthafuckin' Theodore Unit
Nahwhatimean? Staten Island, live shit, y'all
Straight up and down, nothin' but that cutthroat shit
Blowin' niggas back home, you know what I mean?
I don't give a fuck... we could take it there
Whatever, peace, we got him nigga
Yeah, now I'mma strangle it there
No doubt, it's real right now, muthafucka
Y'all niggas done done it, fuck y'all yeah
I'mma get the fuck outta this booth




Aiyo, what's wrong man? (Ain't na---, man
Yo these niggas over here frontin' on me and shit
Talkin' bout I was sayin' this and that in the '30's
Niggas gettin' whole shit twisted, like...)
Where them niggas at? Them niggas though be and stay on the block, over here?
(Yeah, son, them niggas... I don't know man...)
Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Yo... (yo, who that?)
Yo, it's Tone! Open the fuckin' door
Tell that nigga (bitch) -- tell that nigga Jack to come out...
Where Jack at? Jack!...


So you said what, now? You got the whole shit twisted
That was the other day, pa, you just like them bitches
Faggot ass niggas, stay bumpin' they gums
Tell me why you dirty and cops out, you never run
Are you holdin' something in? That the hood don't know
Cuz if you are, get to truckin', bitch, cuz you gotta go
It's not a threat, it's a promise, I tell you, don't make your mamma feel it
You'll be rockin' a toe ring in the morgue, give problems to revealin'


Ya'll niggas kill me and ya'll, ya'll know ya'll booty
So please get your punk ass off the street
Please, please, do it for your family
Don't be stupid, don't make me use it
No, lord, cuz you can't sell here, anymore...


Did you think I was playin'? When I told you before
You can't come back here, open you up like a pap smear
Actin' like you ain't got fear, nigga you get popped here!
Matter fact, I'm a street doctor, take the shot here!
Blaow, yo, I didn't smile, so, take off your jewelry, now then
So what you leg is bleedin' here, put this in your mouth and
Chew on the barrel of love, get lost in "lead-you" town
You look thirsty, I should of wet you down
But not now, you hear those sirens cryin'
Climbin', tryin' to Save Private Ryan
Bitch, nigga on the floor for lyin' and he whinin'
Diming on niggas, minin' your business
Perfect timin' for findin' bullshit sliders
Swine and sisters, he a wack nigga






Burn something kid


Yeah, youknowwhatImsaying, let me tell you something man
Through the man's mind, God
He see his elevation, God
See through his mind, he see his elevation, God
See this where he begin to know that where he come from
See some people don't have no direction, God
Because they don't know the science of they self
See the signs of life is the signs of you
All the elements that it took to create you
Everything that's in the universe, God
That's created the universe, God, is just within you
You see what I'm sayin?
And that's the mind that you can't see
Don't you know if a man could take and flip himself inside out, God
He'll fall out and die if he sees the shit that goes on...inside?


So you mean to tell me I'm the creator of all this right here?


You the creator of all this
Because all these things must happen, it must take place
See people go back in the day, God
They say: one man, one woman, Adam and Eve, there ain't no such thing
Everything you see always has been and always will what be
Regardless the womb or what, it's got to be


Hit me, hit me, hit me, I don't wanna hear nothin
Word Up
Got to pay
Yeah, it's like that right?
Blow his back out, make his shoes worth


A-yo, this shit be off the noggin rock it
Whatever cock block it
Cat get blown, who own this street corner
Foreigner hesitate to rock a Hummer
Navy Seal top runner, rhyme this summer
For real, marinating nigga's skating
Debating waiting style flowingly relating
Fine line switch it on ya, like venetian blinds
The mission is mine, fabulous king I divine
Titanium Hydro collide though
Yo dun dun polly this conjunction, son one
Slang doctor, medicated kids pay it
Say it, these niggas in affect dun, stay rap related
Cassette rhymer, 5-G consigner, line for liner
Poet designer, sharp like Linus
Mic of the year award, fly gear award
Them niggas over there be analyzing with one sword
Get bent, pay the rent, plus still we invent
Nuff shit to get your whole team crazily sent
Now all I need is a half gallon of weed
Proceed, to bust this mic dick and make three seeds
Then max out like two Ac's inside the parking lot
Son bark a lot and get his team hit in the dark a lot
What now blow, clicking like a calico
Gold, Maximillion, one love keep it real yo


Yo, hit me for these Tommy Hill, ice-rocking niggas
Peace, this summer's mines, I blow the biggest
Back up off me, while I grab my dick and hold the Heini
Park the Blue 600, Wally kings is right behind me
Tackle clubs, never rock Lugz, I'm way above
These mics is like the Golden Gloves verses spark plug
Its like the pennant, seminar's the play-off
Start the J off like Cochran got OJ off
This specialist who eyeballed your mistress necklace
Perpetuous, this curly-head kid's treacherous
Let go the eggo, so we can dip dip dive like Lego
Throw on can-can, eat that plus this instrumental
Ah shit say Stark-ologist
Starks-ologist, fried fish halibut
Pull out the bull horn, let's celebrate like Kunta was born
We elbowed our way inside Loud and got on
I played the building, burn a branch and get filled in
Like Pilgrims G-in' Pepridge farms from out of millions
Who wanna rhyme, who wanna challenge the swordmans
That rock that fisherman hat like Gorton's


I hold down the place, no shots to the face
Elite Special force no religious style faith
The melting pot boil gun shot drama soil
Gamble when I scramble handle hot pots of oil
Manhandle pain killing erect my hidden
Streets made me potent put your 9-6 bid in
Vampire curse disperse on each verse
Swim in black water, act slaughter through my earth
You're hit by my element Great Wall of China
Mountain peak holds the globe like vagina
Measure on my mic stand, molecule and strand
Finger rolling rhythm ride the horse one hand
Golden Eye, Spy vs. Spy, guilty of suspicion
Chess boxer, mic in dead body position
40 oz. Ciga-art, three verse invention
Divine universal black man representing
Similar to pure, rhyme blowing out the pore
Battery in the back, keep me charged for the raw
I'm bred type thorough, pistolero gun hero
Renaissance rebel chatter-boxing your barrel
Fully woven Beethoven, hit you on a humble
Hard enough to hurt you, chastise my rap styles
Lock down, for this curfew




Yo, Ayo, these duffle bag niggas is lame hoes, I flame those
Your papa should have left you as stain on clothes
I rock heavy metal, eighteen carats or better
Blue Steel or Beretta, I'mma stack that feta
Guacamole, my shit is fat, I call it Roly Poly
Niggas is screamin' like, Damn Ghost holy moly
The baddest bitch is walkin' two steps behind me
Cause the god's robes flaring out, shit I don't care about
One false move on the kid, I'm airing out
Dumpin', pellets be hop skip an' a jumpin'
With the automatic shotgun, hand on the pumpin'
Dum, dum, watch your whole body flop
And wild the fuck out, I'm like a bull in the china shop
Beasty, I can walk on cut glass, I bust ass
Niggas better cover they face or get slashed
Or see me an' ya granny in the yard gettin' trashed


Ayo back out, give em the whole thing, Black out
Squeeze until it spring break nigga, Black out
You run out of bullets then swing nigga, Black out
Don't give a fuck about a thing nigga, Black out



I chant warrior songs for all my warriors gone
Spit the blood, sweat, and tears, yall just call it a song
Yes Im highly explosive, Yes Im something ferocious
Niggas fuckin with my nerves like multiple sclerosis
Watch out, youll get your food ate
Give em a buck and a half across the face and scrape the plate
I lift your motherfuckin hood up like a mechanic
And leave you layin for life in your hammock, god dammit
This is marksmen


My niggas is prone to black out
Double-handed out the Chevrolet until it max out
Mo Ps is Gs, these niggas tap out
Buck-a-buck-buck-buck-buck-buck-buck, push your back out
If you don't know what that's bout, pack up and stab out
Make a decision or deal with conditions when I spaz out
Unload, reload, unload, reload
Hand 'em a couple more, and keep a couple for the road


Pull out the ratchet, this is not rappity rap shit
It's, liver then Super Fly saliva when the MAC spit
That, raat, tip-tip-tip-tip-tip tap shit
That you cannot stick to landing like Gabby Douglas when you backflip
My Hammer Dance'll make y'all niggas do The Running Man
'77 blackout, Berkowitz, Son of Sam
Understand what you working with is WordPerfect
The earth surface is most prolific circuit breaker break your circuits
Enter your information, we blacks out
Spontaneous combustion, instantaneous gentrification
Pop your melon like Gallagher, you won't survive
Psychopath with a silencer, my caliber is forty five
Tumultuous tragedy, infamous, infamy
These egregious statistics will increase exponentially
Potentially, my brain is probably twisted
This auto shotty lifted your body and dropped it like a molly
Kid shit




Yo, Kane, let's get 'em
I'm talking blackout
Put lives to an end, fuck a tapout
All in together, we gon' wipe 'em
Wax in revenge mode, time for some action


Yeah, relentless, murderous intentions
The henchmen's garments is all black, that's the winners that pimp this
Caught up in my spell, smell exotic, blunt from different trees
Black gloves, bullets will fly when the 9's squeezed
Ghost and I thick as thieves, robbing the whole globe
Black polo, hooded, with Gucci robes with a nice grip
So when the blood hit the floor, I won't slip
Dynamic with my dialogue, you faggots is hog meat
Crack your cranium like crab claws if you cross me
Raging Bull in the booth, Mr. Kane is so raunchy


Death Row shit, fuck the lethal injection
Execute him and chop up his body in sections
Clean-cut butcher knives
X their eyes out
Nail 'em to a billboard
Let 'em dry out


Let me show you what crime about, I'm blowing your minds out
If you ain't ready to throat a nigga, then sign out
Nickel-plated 40's are blowing your spine out
Old-school Caddies with coke, come take a line out
Stingin' niggas for their jewels in their stash house
Snatch a nigga up by his butterfly, sing him a lullaby
Closed-casket, make sure his mother cry
You fuckin' with grimy guys, tunes are suicidal
And now we ain't homies, they call us the homicidal
Get ready for the mayhem, just call it my arrival


Bash him with a disco ball, it's the 70's
Drop a set of the Daily News so they remember these
Black bastards, ruthless killers


Watch me thrill ya
Party killers, we won't die
Hard-body, bitch-made cats is gonna fry
Solidify we're champions, youngins, we're bona fide
Wanna swim with the sharks, be my guest, go take a dive
The name of the game is Bloodsport
You won't make it out alive
I see what you trying for, so give it up
We terrorize shit, Kane and Ghost, lit it up






Where's my horns? Andale! Andale! Yo


Throw me in a mosh pit, I'm live, will start shit
Melt the place then break out like an arsonist
Classified to get it for a classic killing
If I turn my back and walk, that means I'm chilling
Got bitches in mi casa, boiling fresh lobsters
But I don't do the shellfish, I'mma just eat pasta
Turkey, Italian sausage, chopped up kielbasa
Doing hits from home, like an elite mobster
Love my onions iced up, real little, wifed up
Gotti trench men is real brittle, Poconos is where I go with the capos
Eleven Sammy the Bulls, ready to wake those
I'm half black, yo, half oregano
That's half Ital', yo, who he, I'm from that Island, yo
Staten, crushing niggas like aspirins
Commissioner Kelly, ya'll kill ya captain
That's word to my bitch that's laid off
That little patch in the pussy, word, I ate it off
Team move with hands in the air like Adolf
Hand me a big joint, bet I spray it off


Toma, toma, mira, big kid
Poppy Wardrobe, Poppy Wardrobe, right here, Poppy Wardrobe!
Maricon! Yeah...


La Cosa Nostra, La Familia
What, violate my family ties and I'mma kill ya'll
Mi amor, dami un beso, El Capitan, I'm ghettio
Hot sauce, on my Spaghetti-O's
Poppy Wardrobe, Mexican, handle a hose
All my gutter gang crew, got border patrol
Lights on when I come through, black Soprano, what
Two in the holster, my code name Darryl
Ride off in the sunset, sparking the barrel
Long boots on, my horse named White Boy John
Ride that side of that bitch, straight Mexican song
Ash hanging off the blunt, don't ever look at me wrong
In my heart piece stolen, Julio, I'm dirty
Up in the Arizona desert, where the shit get ugly
All my Staten Island riders, ride or die honchos
Get CREAM all day, leave our poncho
We bull fighting niggas, wrestle with broncos
And my team stay tight like Silver and Tonto
Carry a long whip, ya'll whip ya ass
Hard head Mexican dope, mixed with hash
Machete behind dough, with a rip in the slash
Desperado kids, me and Ghost, back at last


Toma, toma, Poppy Wardrobe
Poppy Wardrobe, Poppy Wardrobe
Bring it...


Yeah, Cinqo de Mayo, imported guns from Cairo
Got bagged with the toaster, beat the charge like rhinos
This bitch who's Albino, I met her out in Chi-Town
While I was out in Greek town, ordering gyros
The bad bitch keep a tool and a bible, quick to murder her rivals
And her pops was a gangsta disciple
He killed about a thousand vice lords, guns and knife wars
The feds came for him, so slick to the night ward
Down in the N.O., and right before he left
He wrote his daughter a memo, left stacks in the Benzo
It got hot, niggas selling, giving out the info
He paranoid, every 20 seconds out the window
Blow it in the limbo, he spazzed on Lorenzo
And smashed him in the head with his own son's Nintendo
About a week later, the boys came and rushed him
Kicked down his door, while he sleeping and cuffed him




"You out there, on now"
"Sorry... that's word, I'm not the herb"
"Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying"
"It's the hardcore"
"Set it off, rusty, low down"
"Following me, it be the God"
"Whatever, whatever"
"God all"
"All New York, ight"


Yo, aiyo, the Wally man's coming, you can hear his chain dangle
Brolic arm, check out the ankle
Best cuts, diamond sittin' sideways, like they sit in the cup
You can pour Goose on it, juice on it, you can make it slush
On the streets, cousin, word life, them big boy Toys'R'Us
Got them S5 fifties Maybach's, push suede back
Four hundred g's, on the concrete, save that
Like James Brown, it's the Big Payback
Same place you front's where you get laid at
Strong arm a nigga for real, we eat ya food
Like dog, muthafucka, in replace of a meal
Give you a two hour car chase, flying through lakes and bushes
Holding the wheel, still burning the swishes
Exotic killas who bribe to kill us, and we pay for a tab
Don't matter what size the bill is
We don't need your support, wack speech your thought
Just to rhyme my shit when the tape cut off
The price of fame, a dope chain, the same chain
Yo, he tapped to the roof, watch the block, watch 'em hang


From Broad Street down to Milledge
You fucking with experienced killas
Mean wolves, silver back gorillas
Them Theodore kids' gorillas
You fucking with experienced killas
Silver back gorillas


The grenade gonna hit like a bomb from Flex
The street is never at peace when I palm a tech
My enemies is subdued, I'm a black belt
The moves I do, is how Bruce stick Kareem Abdul
Same dudes give a bitch booze, stupid rich dudes
Crystal, chandellier ice, keep a wrist full
Cuz, if Lil' Jon, can ice his cup
I top that shit, and ice my nuts
See I'm a threat when it comes to rocks
At 3 A.M., you like damn, who put the sun on the block
Is he crazy? Illuminate like the Son of God
And still pull up in the hooped out rented car
With dust and weed on him, knock the neighborhood bully out
Take his gun and pee on him
The magazines can't develop my flicks
The negatives came, and printed out them c-note chips
Keep the heat flaming, beats banging, bottle of weed stanking
Competition, yo, I'm giving out strict spankings
Burn 'em like bacon, some want Satan
In the hell fire, screaming, yo I'm sorry for faking, baking






Ayo it's war on the street, blood on the cobblestone
I leave 'em buried alive, just like a fossil bone
Body bags line the streets, reporters reportin'
Mafia ties, drugs and extortion
DeLucas vs. Stark-iano, headline the news
Police pull war on crime, they're gonna lose
Judges get kidnapped, captains get decapitated
Starks rise above all to be emancipated
Black Godfather, families at war
Drive bys and Molotovs settle the score
Butcher shops are filled with chopped up casualties
I made sure to keep guns in all my faculties
The streets run red when the bosses disrespect us
Neglected, I guarantee no man's protected
To each his own, grab a gun off the shelf
Cause in a warzone, the call is every man for self


Cause in a warzone, the call is every man for self
Cause in a warzone, the call is every man for self


How you prepare for war? Grab your guns and your hardware
Never close your eyes in the barber chair
The heart of a lion, that's what got him here
Bulletproof the car, yo, we outta here
Fuck the DeLucas, we've got shooters with submachines
Bone-crushing niggas like a football team, under a new regime
The old we throw it out, spin back the hammer, let the lord sort 'em out
Keep your gun cocked, at the whorehouse, sip the brown liquor
While we move a quarter ounce, pick the territories
Move north or south, the high power shine, yours is watered down
I'm underground, with the vest is on, open up your head
Now your flesh is torn, never turn my back up at restaurants
Put holes in your chest, come test the don
45 in my holster, let me stretch my arms




So the DeLucas want Tone? Nah, not today
Cock and spray, side with 'em and you've got to pay
Don't even kill 'em, just make 'em feel a lot of pain
Stake out his wife and his seed at the soccer game
Greet 'em with open arms, beat 'em with no regard
Feed 'em two two-threes, freeze 'em, leave 'em with no resolve
Make a lead on me, repping for the territory
No stepping on me, brethren that's a negatory
You want a war? These men pop dangerous
Taking all in a 10 block radius
Murder rate double, triple, cripple the strip
Like it got hit with a couple of missiles
8 will fly through your door, I'll get in your crib
In a wig, in a cable guy uniform
My shooters maneuver, we've got DeLuca in the scope
Moving close, say the word, Tone, dude is ghost




Ayo it's war on the street, blood on the cobblestone
I leave 'em buried alive, just like a fossil bone
Body bags line the streets, reporters reportin'
Mafia ties, drugs and extortion
DeLucas vs. Stark-iano, headline the news
Police pull war on crime, they're gonna lose
Judges get kidnapped, captains get decapitated
Starks rise above all to be emancipated
Black Godfather, families at war
Drive-bys and Molotovs to settle the score
Butcher shops are filled with chopped up casualties
I made sure to keep guns in all my faculties
The streets run red when the bosses disrespect us
Neglected, I guarantee no man's protected
To each his own, grab a gun off the shelf
Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself


Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself
Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself


How you prepare for war? Grab your guns and your hardware
Never close your eyes in the barber chair
The heart of a lion, that's what got him here
Bulletproof the car, yo, we outta here
Fuck the DeLucas, we've got shooters with submachines
Bone-crushing niggas like a football team, under a new regime
The old we throw it out, spin back the hammer, let the lord sort 'em out
Keep your gun cocked, at the whorehouse, sip the brown liquor
While we move a quarter ounce, pick the territories
Move north or south, the high power shine, yours is watered down
I'm underground, with the vest is on, open up your head
Now your flesh is torn, never turn my back up at restaurants
Put holes in your chest, come test the don
45 in my holster, let me stretch my arms


Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself
Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself


So the DeLucas want Tone? Nah, not today
Cock and spray, side with 'em and you've got to pay
Don't even kill 'em, just make 'em feel a lot of pain
Stake out his wife and his seed at the soccer game
Greet 'em with open arms, beat 'em with no regard
Feed 'em two two-threes, freeze 'em, leave 'em with no resolve
Make a lead on me, repping for the territory
No stepping on me, brethren that's a negatory
You want a war? These men pop dangerous
Taking all in a ten block radius
Murder rate double, triple, cripple the strip
Like it got hit with a couple of missiles
Eight will fly through your door, I'll get in your crib
In a wig, in a cable guy uniform
My shooters maneuver, we've got DeLuca in the scope
Moving close, say the word, Tone, dude is ghost


Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself
Cause in a war zone, the call is every man for himself




Ayo!, Gas Mask down
Its revenge mode
I gotta level my levels
So I dont explode
Gotta stay focused
Put on the Killah face
Figure how to get em all in the same place
Plot thickens, its all about the strategies
I look down in my bag and see a stack of cheese
Start making calls, buying artillery
Landmines and shit, niggas is killing me
Aiming for the block where all the magic happens
Call 911 report a kidnapping


Fuck a Glock
Hundred shots from the ooo-wop
Lets bring it back to them blocks off the new lots
Who a cop, nigga? I started from the shoe box
You grew a lot
But I schooled you how to do drops
In my tube socks spraying from the rooftops
92 props
Banging for my blue tops
Its me and you Ak , Biggie verses 2Pac
You forgot
Im the one who let you rock
Yellow brick squares yeah
Nigga Im the wiz here
Can never fear
Fuck boy you just live here
Kill your kids here, put you in a wheel chair
And leave you there with that ice grill stare Tony
You know you know me
The one and only
The ruler of Eukanuba
Do my dirt all by my lonely
Motherfucker

It's me nigga!
You know that work I put in!
You really feeling yourself!
Should've stayed gone, motherfucker!


Raj came quick
Like hes suppose to
Im going postal
Caught a gang member - Blew him bi-costal
Brains all over the block - its hot
Crooked cops running up in the game to see my plot
They about to meet in the street where the bombs set
Detonate like a war vet and jet
Duck behind cars, Blowing ARs
Glock 9s poppin,  Bodies droppin
Im taking out knee caps - Anyone standin'
Perfect timing, Perfect plannin'
Im filling funeral homes and graves
Its no surprise
GFK the only one to survive!

You know what I mean?
Cause when the real kids come at you, nigga it's over




Uh-huh


Greasy, razor blades, shots spray, military
Armor, keep blaze packed, all day, dog's day
Groundhog Day, ya'll bitch niggas got sweet hands, word
I know why, why? Ya'll all gay, pop off head
Get your top rocked, way across state
The pamphlet read, from seven to nine, don't hold that weight
Ya'll just bait, I'm a fisherman, I own this lake
When I catch fish, I fry 'em, to they backside flake
I smash ya'll muthafuckas like a seedless grape
And hang niggas like some ceiling fans in K-Mart plates
Feel me? Shake double earthquakes, give thanks, give shanks
Word to my momma, I cut the grass on you fucking snakes
Expose, don't tell, use a mo', round the way
Go-Go down, gone with the wind, he's a he-she
Bitch ass nigga for sale, like Magilla
Standing in the window, with a sign, "Yes, I fuck men, though"


Aiyo, Sheek (What up, dog?)
Stab one of them niggas, nigga, word up!


Aiyo, my niggas is wetted, they drunk and they trying to eat
The hammers on 'em, and they ain't out looking for meat
I'm jumping out cars, I'm giving you permanent scars
Your hardest nigga, you can't compare him to ours
I'm sitting on crates, I'm missing probation dates
I'm stuck with this weight, my wifey period late
I'm hot as fuck, my truck keep getting tailed
It's like every week, one of mines getting jailed
Forgetting bail, piss test failed
Got parole on us, then wanna roll on us
I'm at my momma crib sleep, who told on us?
I'm sick to death, I'm on fire in the streets
Like in Back to the Future, when the car left
Ghost'll clap for me, fuck, rap for me
Yo, tell them niggas on the Island, get strapped for me
Het wet ya, and throw the stocking
On his face, like when he first met cha


Yo, me and Sheek drug heads like a bottle of Goose
I had my road dogs follow your troops
Gorilla game, African tribe, Somalian crew
With a flow so sick, my high temperature'll body the flu
Crack heads get knocked out, right in front of the school
Slap 'em Sheek, wake his ass up, he can't even move
Cereal box is crack and ratchets, in the cocaine spot
My fiends'll box filled with coke head classics
Dope money, flood me rags of kush, heavy drags
Bodegas, I'm mad, my older sister Patty's a butch
Guns come out like my mother's teeth, watch how I'm throwing heat
The leg gravy be steaming over smothered beef
From eight-ball jackets to cops and robbers
My last drug run, I threw in two bricks to garbage
I wash my money in Woolite, dunyy, sippin' on Folgers
Black jewels trucking, still come through bummy




Ladies and gentlemen, MJM presents Yasmeen
Woo, Jazze Pha, woo-weh, Blue Jeans, I like them


I've been checkin' you, and like the way you walk
Your sexy b-boy style, that confidential throne
So let me take a minute to introduce myself
Cuz you don't need to know anybody else


Here's my number you can call
Anytime you wanna talk
That's exactly where I'll be
When you wanna get at me
And if you wonder what to do
That's got me into
It's ya blue jeans, the way you rock in them blue jeans, baby


No one makes me feel, the way you do inside
Sensation is so real, it hit me day or night
Some people, nice and safe
Some where and near ya heart
Wouldn't wanna loose this, love before we start
You got everything, that I want, that I want
You got everything, that I need, that I need




Days went by and it was plain to see
That I finally figured out why you started diggin' me
It was the jeans not the rings, couch fit, scene
Round the same time when Rae dropped C.R.E.A.M
I still had rock, but very little stones
And messin' wit you, had me not comin' home
And word on the streets is that you got me whipped (word up)
It got back and had a brother on flip (word)
How they know I had brought that whip
It's all good, that's just one of my gifts
Cuz the love it when my stomach touch ya body
Baby, my tongue game is mad crazy
Enough about me, Ton' Starks, sugar, I drove the Arc
Noah taught me how to parallel park
I may hit you while I'm writin' my darts
And like 15 to 20 minutes, you heard baby, that's from the heart






Aiyyo, let me tell y'all niggas somethin'
One thing, let me tell y'all niggas somethin'
I don't give a, flyin' fuck about
None of y'all niggas out here
None of y'all niggas out here
Cause you ain't, none of my motherfuckin' comrades
I don't give a, flyin' fuck, what?
You want it? Bring it son, bring it son
Bring it, yo, check it on out


Bobby, como puede ser que me jodistes?
Hijo de puta
 el coo de mi, maricon
Y nunca me llamas, Roberto
You treat me like an analog ho


Yo, lyrically, I got all y'all niggas under my wing
Cause I bring terror throughout this rap era
Like them Muslim cats, who don't give a fuck
About blowin' this rock, off the map
Where Mayor Guiliani rest at, so let me get that
Microphone up off of you, cause it's
Definitely not meant for you to have it in your palm
To try to rock the crowd
Puttin' it all on to stay calm
You waited for the God Islord to drop the bomb
And swarm the stage about a hundred fat
With lyrical material that's all that
Like a two point five carat clustered jew-el
Rock like Patti La-Belle
Cause everything is real kid, you dead up
Dissect the true kids gettin' set up
For a car/Jeep heist, it ain't nice
As we ran up in the crib and stuck the kid
And smacked the wife, cause she, had on two chains
With a tray full of ice in 'em
But that's how it goes down
When you livin in the Cold World


Cold World, what?


Todo lo que a ti te gustas es music pa' lo puta


Yo, I spit flames thermonuclear type
Ignite mics, blow up U.S.A. satellites
Insane Unabomber, my whole fam lace golden armor
Royal calmer, black queen black Madonna
The missing link be the big lips on the Sphinx
Intelligent instincts
I say knowledge is the foundation
When I move in the L's formation, against Hell's nation
Bobby Digital cybertech test micro-check
High bi-as, record the levels
Anti four devils anti four devils


Bobby, como puede ser que me jodistes?
Hijo de puta
? el coo de mi, maricon
Y nunca me llamas
Me tratas like an analog ho, Roberto
Nadie te importa, cario
I wanna be Digital Bobby
Bobby Digital
RZA me advertio de Bobby
Bobby Digital


All you analog cats from weak tracks, and weak raps
And weak video clips and weak stacks
Beatin' bitches with weak lawyers, and weak acts
And weak staffs, born life couldn't copyright
With weak math, come get a dose, of the strong
Coconuts splittin', all you chocolate deluxe butter alms
French buttercups, probably wanna see Bobby in handcuffs
With the toes in my mouth
Stand up or rape me, rotate auto-locate me
In the center solar
Corner block Hip-Hop now expand to the polar
Fuzzy low short frequency
Circuit breakers, try to take
Us on illusionary rides to the future
Polygram graphic rap actors, flash ya
Cash and jewelry like bus passes
That's why your ass got stuck up
So wake the fuck up or get smoked
Analog rhymes hoes are like groupies we fucked
Took for derelict, sales are too soupy
Better get the Bobby Digital movie!




Tarantula, that groove season
Newlywed of rap, which G you believe in?
Rally back, twist a half a man arm off
Late night, nearly happy standoff
How boldly blinded by Bobby crossthievin' van diva
Lever 2000 mic talk
Might bolt to match, pinch me in the eve
Carved perfectly from God
Manufactured through the eye, came Puma dash
I snares Dumar, Nicolas, half a face, Cage
Half a coke Dutch sprinkle sage
Bounce to Huey crib yo and got laid
Straight off the ground y'all word up
Bad bitch


Yo, yo
Yo my tapdance sword splash
Yo.. my nigga Dix'll leave you whiplashed, feel the cash
Pussy worth a key a stash, bloodbath
Hard to walk the righteous path
Flavor for life into death
This berry tart your ginger
Ooh she mad tender, analog surrender
Off my motherfuckin' splendor, Jamie Sommers pussy bionic
Super-sonic, splash you with the Wu-Wear garments
For the nine fuckin' nine, motherfuckers

 x2


Bobby, all you ever want is weed, money, music, and pussy




Wu Tang will survive, no no no-no no no
Wu Tang will survive
Cause every time they flip a party
You know the party screams and shouts
Cause you... DAMN! Aw, TC that was the bomb...


Get all my peoples, get all my peoples headphones
All of em
Lay em a death warrant
Aaaah, yo, show it off, kid, show em, what, what
Let em have it, bust it, hey yo, hey yo


Blend wine, who want to win mine
Shorty get a ten-round for floatin
With the richest, huh
Flexed out, Flinstone style
Your crimi-nal pen pal kidnapped Loud, jetted the
Mosyin, posin for them niggas up in Poland
Rollin wax style museum, G 'em
Them richest niggas bless this
Like Russian cut VVS's
Slide the hatchback, black were finessing this
Them niggas over there know, Gazelle goggles
And them Lottos, 88 style, throwin' bottles (bottles)
Scenario rap, rap imperial, material (uh, yo yo, yo, yo)
Murderin' cats is like that real


Yo come do me somethin word to Michelob peep the Land Rov'
Sleeper hold club faggots lay your dome on a stove
It's like space kid, the whole world is pitch black, granola rap
Dough got smaller famous team, walked up in Fotomat
Black down, numerous rounds, boots is brown
Getaway driver, this white bitch from out of town
We love horse races shakin Jakes and high-speed chases
Porno stations, drinkin violations, godly nations
90 minute Maxell tapes, instrumental breaks
Bangin earaches, lay my verse down in two takes
The speaker pops, the Winchester rifle's in the kitchen
Murder the DJ's eyes twitchin, woofer hissin


Yo, he's strong armin, manipulatin niggas, scrapin niggas
Takin play from niggas, hate fakin niggas, yo you hear me?
The whole shit's like wrestling
What you dare me? Back the fuck up kid, we flexin


This rap shit bust yo' gums, and leave you stunned
Pull your plug, now you can't function
There's no to-tal or sum to this equa-tion, you fro-zen
Many may come but few are cho-sen
Pretty niggas want to play the war po-sin
When the ruckus come, they be the first to get their shine stolen
Do or die, it be I, Meta-physical Man
Holding court from my Wu, indivisible clan
I see your thoughts and your hand reachin
It's getting deep in this mud
Cats heat seekin, for one blood
Nameless thugs been aiming slugs, shootin at these stank bitches
Less he gon' bring this above, I make switches
From the lamp I grant three wishes
Johnny be parlayin, I Blaze britches, then I roll
One hundred percent mind, one hundred percent body
One hundred percent soul, individual
Assholes tend to run
From this PLO extortion to the one
The next chamber, you fuckin with the star spangler
To the dawn's early light with this head-banger
Boogie, represent this shit fully
Like I'm constantly at war with the town bully
Who want that pressure, about to get smacked silly
Like a fat bitch in Spandex, free Willy!
We on some milli, check the joint, engine number nine
Niggas wastin time worryin about me and mine
Get your own shit



 (RZA):
Yo, yeah yeah, yo what?
(Gotta spit on these bitches real quick)
Yea, Jammie Sommers bring the thunder, what?
(Word up, doo-doo stain bitches)
Yo, yo, uh-huh, yo..


Yo save John Bennett, trauma John Bell
Lace stay in my equality, mic oddessey
Judy Plum, ghetto tag on the drum
Nestle in the glass, I was plunged, double-edged tongue
Pearly handle, scroll Brooklyn, we bouncin, commercial keep lookin
Pussy tight ginger, turn rough cats to cringers
Make him surrender is car and legal tender
Sunshine on time, manifest all time 'tween beams
Because I study all true reality, sculpted by my Wallabees
Study righteous God Degree, yo..


We Break Bread and deal with equality


Yo check it, my break and deal with this son
Explicit lyrical orgy, you bitches smell like dead foggy ho
While Jammie splash you with the bottle of Giorgio
Or Chanel's No. 5, dog bitch you can't survive
You buy and shoot some straw ride, ya tried to glide on B.O.B.B.Y
Jammie Sommers, treat her like my daughter, real niggas wanna fuck her
Pass a quart of milk, crab, clam, possum, wild flower blossomin
Power-U, have you gaspin for your oxygen
Gold bra straps, fine pointed, purple star Gaps
Cowboy boots and tastle, with the straw hat
You derelict hoes, we fuck y'all without pullin down our clothes
While your nigga wish to lick Jammie Sommers' toes
Imaginate, you best to go home son and masturbate
Or put your ten dollars up and buy the fat tape


Yo, a hundred thousand, two hundred and fifty cash
Yo now, watch Miss Sommers, shake that ass
Yo, you love the way my brother splash
Chain reaction keep you puzzled
Mouth muscle, card shuffle, belt buckle
Jammie S'll never kiss ass after I close a deal
You best to believe this rap shit I say is for real
A lot of y'all bitches be good earners with two out
Take too many chances, chillin with niggas, lampin
Profilin, wildin, Jammie hung with the realty smilin
Takin shots at Louie the thirteenth, and tie you up
Bathed in Sheik, so you could watch your man beat his meat
Cuz, uh, lodi dodi, I got the body
And tutti fruiti, I got the booty
I shake, my rump, all in ya face
Make a bitch tie my sneaker lace
Cuz A is for Apple and J is for Jack
And most of y'all bitches ain't go no hair in the back
And ya tracks is wack



 + (Solomon Childs)
DJ in the biz, DJ and the beats (Ashanti, Theodore, Solomon Childs)
Radio shining (what's poppin') This is Uncle Ghost right here
My nephew named me that, youknowhatimsayin'
Baby, yo, show my little nephew some love, youknowhatimsayin'


I miss you being a part of my world
Admit, we used to have so much fun, didn't we girl?
Like ice cream strawberries, from Ben & Jerry's
Had you blowin' nothin' but blueberries
Sleepin' in nothing, but Burberry
Lady Datus, tans on the sand in Barbaros
Lips look sweeter than Kool-Aid
Before I let the track fade
For your love, I'll travel millions of miles
To see your kinky eyes, and sweet smile


Saw you again for the first time, been a long time
It brought up all these feelings, that I never knew, I had inside
Seeing you with another girl, it didn't sit with me too well
And I'm mad at myself cuz I love you, and without you I'm going through hell


I didn't think that I could shake us
But baby, can we make up
I know that this is kinda crazy
But baby, I wanna make up


I never knew, what could love you, how I love you
I thought that I was through with you so glad I could be single
Now I'm caught thinking bout the past, and wish that we could just go back
And I'm mad at myself, cuz I love you and I really want you, to come home baby




I don't know if I'm crazy
But all the pain and the heartache you gave me
That only made me, wanna get back with you
Held your hand, the way you held mind
You felt it, the way you felt mine
And all that fighting that we went through
See I was already used to it


All I ask is for you, is to give you Big Poppa, 'one more chance'
To prove you wrong, look in my eyes while I'm singin' this song
Tickle all your places, that you thought would never make you laugh
And on the little man, baby, we can go half
And anything in my power, don't be shy, baby you can just ask
And I admit, I took advantage of your love
I apoligize, love, should of never took advantage, damn






Yo, bro, what's up, man
Ain't cool (cry a lot)
What's wrong, man?
I thought you are bravest man on planets
Long story man, but I tell you....


I've seen it all, done it all, it's all about love, about love


It is impossible for you to defeat destiny like Tekitha said
I have a dudes who all these years actin'like he have no fears
But now his face covered up in tears, he tell me everythin'
Life ain't always go straight, sometimes turn left or right
Takes u-turn, have several ups and downs, pros and cons
We have gold and bronze, and even zonks while trynna get some
Got girls who down with me, those girl like me more than friend
Used to protect someone I love with fist to secure their kiss
When they need advice, they come to me
When I'm down, they come and cured me
I'm not a playboy, hang with' em as a friends
They frequently asked who I choose, but I'm not sure
I treat em' with the same amount of love
Things ain't always straight, as her mom hates me
Because I hangs and sings on GOR, she accuse me I'm hooligan
I stay away from her, but she got P.I, her mom bring her shenigans
To show her big angers, being attacked I got outnumbered
Called my buddy Zul to help me fight, kick em' outta the field
My mom came to the field, stop things down, plot twist revealed
As she was her momma's school friends, now she makes face turn
As my love continue, she go to Aussie, early on
Cause high school days already over, I go to JKT later on
To become a police, but I fucked up, came back to Palembang
Worked at a restaurant, used money I get to go university
To get my brain to be diversified, doin' all days without surprisee
Till' she called me says, she return to P for few days
We doin' all happy thing like family reunion, unforgettable time
She said she want to go back to Aussie, half-heartly let her go
I suprisingly got great job that ain't lame, I finally get some fame
Livin' without her is difficult, I missed her
Her mom told me, she still in Aussie, I talk wit' her through cam
Doin' chat we talk about fam, till saw somethin' wrong, she cried
Contact her but always failed, mom said  I already tried
I know her best friend house, go there with my lancer
Till I got a news, that she has declared war with cancer
She hidin' in her house, lie to me, she didn't want me to sad
Burst to her house, go to her room, found her bedridden weakly
I'm silenced, she ask me do I look ugly, she said it deeply
No you still looked the same always looked beauty
I said would you be my wife, I finally make an option
To choose her over the other girl, I hug her
Shortly before we finally go wed, she will undergo surgery
But it's failed, cancer already spread, till'she done
Doctor said, my girl won't be livin' too soon
Once she finally awaken, she already heard the story
Accept her destiny, till' god takes her soul shortly
She said, sorry we can't spend our time for too long
I dropped her to house, she hot kissed me, we sing a song
That I still remember now, till' 12AM, I snorred
Got phonecall from her, I answer, yes dear?
That her mother is only the line, said she already go
I rushed to go to her house with my mom, full speed
See her body without soul, I cry, I cry, I cry, she already fly
But nothin' can bring her back, I stay with her body till next day
The funeral, still can't stop cryin' still can't forgot
Our days together, all these day that I spend with you a lot
The tomb said, here lies Oca, 1986-2011, Rest in peace
Till we meet again in the other world
It's all about love, about love, word-up




Shout out to Deni who livin' great love life!
Rest in peace, Deni's former girl, word-up
To everybody likes Andi, and even Zul
Life lesson for y'all, word-up




"Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style. If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous. Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me?"
"En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style."


Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!


Ghostface catch the blast of a hype verse
My Glock burst, leave in a hearse, I did worse
I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk
Your head rush, fly like Egyptian musk
Aww shit, Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks, and
However I master the trick just like Nixon
Causin' terror, quick damage your whole era
Hardrocks is locked the fuck up or found shot
P.L.O. style, hazardous 'cause I wreck this
Dangerous, I blow spots like Waco, Texas


I watch my back like I'm locked down
Hardcore-hittin' sound
Watch me act bugged and tear it down
Illiterate-type asshole, songs goin' gold
No doubt, and you watch a corny nigga fold
Yeah, they fake and all that, carryin' gats
But yo, my Clan rollin' like forty macks
Now you act convinced, I guess it makes sense
Wu-Tang, yo, soooo represent!
I wait for one to act up, now I got him backed up
Gun to his neck now, react what?
And that's one in the chamber
Wu-Tang banger, 36 styles of danger


Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!


I rip it hardcore, like porno-flick bitches
I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin'
Bust this, I'm kickin' like Seagal: out for justice
The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus
Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue
Murder one, my style shock your knot like a stun-gun
I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness
Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown
By this nasty-ass nigga, with my nigga the RZA
Charged like a bull and got pulled like a trigger
So bad, stabbin' up the pad with the vocab, crab
I scream on your ass like your dadbring it on!


Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!


Yo, I'm more rugged than slaveman boots
New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops
I break loose, and trample shit, while I stomp
A mudhole in that ass 'cause I'm straight out the swamp
Creepin' up on site, now it's Fright Night
My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous
And more deadly than the stroke of an axe
Choppin' through your back *swish*
Givin' bystanders heart-attacks
Niggas try to fliptell me, who is him?
I blow up his fuckin' prism
Make it a vicious act of terrorism
You wanna bring it, so fuck it
Come on and bring the ruckus!
And I provoke niggas to kick buckets
I'm wettin' cream, I ain't wettin' fame
Who sellin' cain? I'm givin' out a deadly game
It's not the Russian, it's the Wu-Tang crushin' roulette
Slip up and get fucked like Suzette
Bring da fuckin' ruckus!


Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!


"En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style."
So, bring it on! So, bring it on!
So, bring it on! So, bring it on!
So, bring it on! So, bring it on!
So, bring it on! So, bring it on!
Punk nigga!










Nicole's torn away from home at age 12
In search of herself she found an angel of hell
Who deceived her like Eve
And convinced her to leave
Her family
You can see she was very naive
The fallacy she was taught was brain washed thoughts
In a cult with no culture
Soon she was forced
Into showing her skin tones for thin, grins and moans
To please her saviour Jim Jones
Her pop's was an ex-marine
Him and his team
Got M-16's so they could blow up the scene
"No tambourine-beating Deacon, is freaking my seed, every weekend, as long
As I'm breathing"
They parachuted in, Started shooting men, Recruited by Jim
Grabbed Nicole and threw her in
To the trunk, She was that close to drinking the punch
And realized, False prophets lead to suicide




One two, one two -- you taping this?
All types of shit yo let that shit ride
Word to mother, turn up the microphone!
Get all that good shit, get all that good shit 
One two, one two, one two... one two
Now niggas know
Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint
This is strictly for the radio, yo
I just want all y'all to know
The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy
They grew up cursin
So please respect my style, please!


I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u
Ohh, sssshit, nahh
I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh
Here comes the medical examinuh
One verse then you out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount
Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya

I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH
Here comes the medical examiNUH
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I ask you
How do you intend this --
Competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH!
You shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish
Yo! You wasn't from Panana!!
I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama
He responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass!
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms
Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang!
Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler
You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler
I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed
Home and play Yahtzee!
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie
With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi

[Yo Unique, yo kid
Check this shit out! Yo, yo]


Ninety-five niggas is wasted
Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted
Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese
Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease
It's not magic, gaming is the gadget
World classic big national high attracts dear graphics
Lampin in my own zone, my physical show
Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome
He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention
The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen
Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist
I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual
I plant crimes inside vocals
My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof
Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream
Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga







Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
What?!! My nuh
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
To the West coast!
To the East coast!
To the North coast
To the South
When you take North, East, West, South
Put it all together and it spell NEWS!
Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues
And ya don't stop
So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker!


Word up, louder
Represent, how do we do?
Please everybody
Yo #1 is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafucka house?
Yeah!!
Man, come on man with that bullshit
Is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafucka house?
Fuck is goin on, niggas from Brooklyn dont fuckin scream like that
Niggas dont yell like that
Muthafuckas is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafuckin house?
Shit, is Uptown in the muthafuckin house?
Hehehe, hehehe
Yo, fuck that shit
Is my black niggas and niggarettes in the muthafucka house?
Shit is live here at the Two man
But yo, what I can't understand man, a nigga gotta get drunk
Ol' Dirty I got my Brooklyn Zoo niggas here tonight
YouknowhatI'msayin
These niggas aint no muthafucka joke
When Ol' dirty Bastard records
What the fuck is down
Gimme some love nigga
What these niggas?
Yo, check it out, yo
Im a get busy for y'all niggas and niggaretts tonight
YouknowhatI'msayin, but
A nigga is sober a reason gotta get drunk for
So y'all keep continuin this phat shit
I wanna give nuff respect to everybody thats comin here doin this shit
YouknowhatI'msayin
Cuz my man, the Bandit over here
He gonna have shit goin for ya
On the real side baby
Niggas gotta go
Keep it real, niggas gonna get drunk, niggas gotta go
Like I can really fuck a nigga up shit
When you drunk, all you can see is fuckin light man
Thats all I know , thats all i see
Let me move the fuck over here
Yo yo, these niggas straight jacket and shit
I give nuttin' but respect to niggas that got out here man
YouknowhatI'msayin
Niggas comin into this rap game and shit
And muthafuckers actually think this fuckin rap game is a fuckin joke!
Let me explain to yall about how tha fuck rap is
See rap to me, is like my bitch, right, my bitch
She fuckin up a nigga, and I get mad and I wanna kill the bitch and I wanna kill the nigga
See this is how we must step up to the muthafuckin microphone



Intro:

One two, one two -- you taping this?
All types of shit yo let that shit ride
Word to mother, turn up the microphone!
Get all that good shit, get all that good shit (one two, one two)
One two, one two, one two... one two
Now niggas know
Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint
This is strictly for the radio, yo
I just want all y'all to know
The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy
They grew up cursin
So please respect my style, please!

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard
I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u
Ohh, sssshit, nahh
I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh
Here comes the medical examinuh
One verse then you out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount
Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya

I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH
Here comes the medical examiNUH
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I ask you
How do you intend this --
Competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH!
You shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish
Yo! You wasn't from Panana!!
I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama
He responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass!
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms
Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang!
Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler
You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler
I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed
Home and play Yahtzee!
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie
With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi

(Yo Unique, yo kid
Check this shit out! Yo, yo)

Verse Two: Ghostface Killer
Ninety-five niggas is wasted
Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted
Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese
Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease
It's not magic, gaming is the gadget
World classic big national high attracts dear graphics
Lampin in my own zone, my physical show
Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome
He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention
The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen
Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist
I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual
I plant crimes inside vocals
My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof
Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream
Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga

(sample of Stamina)
(sample of Baby C'mon)
(sample of Brooklyn Zoo)
(sample of Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie)
(sample of The Stomp)

Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
What?!! My nuh
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
To the West coast!
To the East coast
To the North coast
To the South
When you take North, East, West, South
Put it all together and it spell NEWS!
Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues
And ya don't stop
So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker!

(live concert)




Who I'm is? The Phenom, them niggas can't live
Who I'm is? We ain't got shit, something got to give
Y'all done flipped y'all wig, blacked out the crib
Die and live for my nigs and my bad-ass kids, freeze
Looking at your ice like Jeez!
I'm plotting on the mousetrap, about to snatch the cheese
I heard y'all kids is bout that, psychotherapy
You bugging where the couch at, Wu til they bury me
Never tell a lie, like George with the cherry tree
Now it's cherry pie, if it's not broke let it be
Ain't nothing nice in New York
Stick you for your cake and your icing, that tough talk
Don't mean nothing when you're up North
So keep them hands where I can see 'em like you want freedom
You know that saying if you can't join 'em, beat 'em, and push your way in
We ain't acrobats but we flip on occasion
Pick the pace up, pants sagging pull your waist up
Niggas renting slum jewels from Jacob, fool!
You're like "Dude! I don't like your fucking attitude"
Fronting on my Clan from the Stat but we ain't mad at you


Starks with the parcheesi face, measly paced ofays Ghostface
Jump out the window for a little taste
The joopy look, my main bitches call me lazy
Educated birds say, "Ghost you so crazy!"


Cappa slide through with the Ghost
Post up like paint on walls
Drip jewels, big heat
Ruffle inside the bubble goose, it's the Odd Couple
Hollow points follow you home to Staten Island
Playing with the big toys that make noise
Echo in the hall, a scared voice
Niggas start to act choice, but Duncan Hines
Didn't know Betty Crocker had the two nines
Made the club moist, shattered the windows
Dustheads running
The rap kingpin plus the Black Jesus is coming


The words you talk better be the words you walk
Body you in the bed where the nurses are
Put your vein out, watch me insert the dart
Til it plagues from Bricks to the Persian Gulf
Light circuits off, thirty-third of my brain is off
That explains why my language off
My gun aim and cough, y'all ain't trained to brawl
Y'all more like in training bras
Wet behind the ear, you're not prepared
For the project flow, with extra stairs
I pass out a vest to wear (bullets flyin)
Yo, the hard wire, starting bonfires
Pull the mask so you know it's me
And your weed got more seeds than ODB
Can't smoke with ya, watch Ghost tie a rope to ya
Def and Wu will open ya


Eat a dick like (huh) baby shake your shit
Girl you're thick like (huh) getting rich like (huh)


Word, it's me y'all
We in two sixes flirting with bitches, dime plus
Taking pictures, How you doing baby? My name Ghost
Don't get caught up in my chains or the way that I speak
Seek intelligence, slickest nigga going since "Grease"
Check out the grays on the side of my waves
I grew those on Rikers Island
Stressed out, balled up in the cage
Pull a boot out on Jimmy Jam, text takes jam
Silky texture, Jordan jumped up like Clyde Drexler
All up in the parrot, nose numb, real as they come
Biggie's Versaces, snow white rabbit
Hands is like photographic magic
Funeral love, move in when we hug, don't make it a habit
Hit the gym for two weeks, my back all chiseled
Elbows unique now meet the new me
Ghetto fabulous, Tone Atlas
Zulu Nation in the 80's in front of Macy's I start my own chapters
Tyco Nite-Glow velvet pose, special effects
High-tech armors merc you at the shows
Supercalifragalisticexpialidocious
Dociousaliexpifragalisticcalisuper
Cancun, catch me in the room, eating grouper


Shoe fly shoe, Wally Don Clark crew
Fuck y'all wanna do, crack a brew, smoke an L or two
And flip like (huh) killing for the whole
Clique is sick like (huh) you and your stank bitch
Eat a dick like (huh) baby shake your shit
Girl you're thick like (huh) getting rich like (huh)






Pretty Tone, I got you, fingers
Morphine flow, lean on the brass gold
I can see your snake eyes without the crap roll
Bust the mack stroll, laughing at you assholes
Sticking thorns in my pride like the Black Crowes
Cracking your dome for breakfast, Deck spit
Lava, fresh like the produce section
Repping, there's no use testing, you know who stepped in
It's Deck bitch, for those who question
Like Serena on the serve, I swing hard
Main event, bad broads with ring card
This shit here, niggas get the fiend nod
On the wreck, though, these cowards never seen yard
Head boss, you scavenge off what Deck toss
I don't fall for petty talk I check the source
Flex force with army arms, I lets off
Bomb threat, blow both your stanky legs off


And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah
Or, try and learned it from the mental shit, son
And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah
Blaow, bang, cuz
Cuz I write, and blast and slash your whole level
Or, try and learned it from the mental shit, son
And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah
Yeah, kid


Pay attention, gun shots, fuck what you benching
Big chains on my neck, my wrist is Clinton
Presidential Rolex, coming out the projects
Seat back looking mean in a foreign object
Three for twenty in Japan, with American money
Get back home, get head from American bunnies
My Iron Fists, my platinum wrists
My cook up game is chemists, fuck my nemesis
Fly birds like Tyson do, had to switch
From the car to the cargo on board Jet Blue
Bodies drop from the Liquid Swords, been making hits for years
But I'm mad I ain't got no awards
I'm a real OG tho', swag like James Bond and 'em
My white tee is my tuxedo
Belts on the track, Sheek and Ghostface
Got the hood on smash, RZA leave it like that




We be jammin', I grill on the track just like salmon
I don't play no games, baccarat or backgammon
I'm Supreme Cliente', rawer than sushi
And if your girl got my number, means I beat that pussy
Sword slayer, dick slinger, I got the stroll
Of an R&B singer, Wu-Tang ruckus bringer
36 different dialects, we call spot checks
My homeland security, is up in the projects
Shaolin, Stapleton, Bricks on Broad Street
That's where niggas get chopped up like raw meat
Fuck that, started off rocking a stocking
Over my face, now my face is what gets it popping
Donnie had the wave voice, beeing blowed through the mic
The definition of TRU TV, fuck SPIKE
I'm the realest Akeed that ever wet these blocks
Too black for BET, too wild for Cops




I grace the block with my presence; all praises do
Now the neighborhood like "Tony we love you"
It's all good and staying at my brother Mick's house
Made his house my home. Enter the zone
Buried him in front law. Put up a Tombstone
I seen Bammy. That's my nickname for Bamboo
She like "what up Tone? How are you?
Can we speak? I got some explaining to do"
See your absence made me forget who you were
And I love you for you. I need a second chance, boo
I say it's all good. 36 seasons was long
You got weak but I'm here to help weather the storm
You gotta just think with me. Shit'll get stinky
I gotta clean the whole motherfucking city
The government's greedy flushing drugs down these streets
Thugs out here criminals dressed as police


Call my name when you need me
I'll be there quick fast in a hurry
No need to worry
The all mighty GFK the master venger
New York's top contender, city defender


Ay yo, these streets is political, ???
The government got you on strike by the visual
The TV the crack epidemic. The real drug dealers, fake cops is true apologetic


How would you like to be in the court of law? How would you like for me to put a bullet in your head as large as a baseball?






You know how we do!


Yo, what's the deal Goldilocks?
Ain't nothing I'm just hibernating, love that watch
Pour me some Scotch and cold Courvoisier
No doubt, have a chair Boo lets get to pollying
Who you with? Me and Molly and some trick who's Yugoslavian
What fabric is that? It's only wool and Rayon
Lipstick crayon, fly Fahrenheit spray on
I'm getting tipsy, I hope she read cocks like a gypsy
And transporting bricks stealing many fifties
Fuck negotiating, is you with me is you waiting
Sweet as carrot cake, faking plus you don't eat turkey bacon
I don't get down like that, I don't get down neither
Cuban links skeezer, why you acting like a rap teaser
I'm like the jewelry exchange plus a range
Nigga you small change I only fuck for figaro chains
Analyzing Miss Clairol, Fendi down, mascara on
Assistant manager in Paragon


Socializing, vibing with my eyes on Dot
She this book cover lady that be blowing up the spot
While my heart was racing, like the hands on the clock
I step live I think she see me putting out the pot
Peace Dot, I'm so happy to see you at the rendezvous
How's life today your hands are softer than Camay too
Your hairdo way more class than Halle Berry
Caught visions of me and you riding on the ferry
Plus your daughter Kiki talk to my man Merry
I order me a Sex on the Beach with the cherry
I order her a Vermidi on ice, sounds nice
She elegant, pretty eyes, glasses, intelligent
Whispered in my ear that she's celibate
Whispered back to her ear we don't have to go there
As I grab the hand set her politely in the chair
As we stopped to stare at one another
Black sister to brother
I'm thinking all the time how she could be my lover


What's happening brown sugar? Say you look so good today
Ankle bracelet wrapped around your leg
Here have a seat, complimentary drinks is on me
Bartender, Chevalier Chateau at table three
Luxurious rings, eyes sparkling
What's your name sugar? Juanita Cash Hawkins
Your complexion gives a reflection of
Sometime a black woman just need to be loved
Quiet and shy, baby girl my gift got you high
Made you wanna hit me with the keys to that five?
Just joking baby, I have a sharp sense of humour
Wish I would've bumped into your frame a lot sooner
What's your physical degree, thirty one, thirty three
Half Hawaiian with a slight touch of Chinese
Seen you working at a law firm, on Fifth Avenue
Three blocks from the Gucci spot is where I trapped you
Yo, I'm all into older woman, who's happy living
Love kids and, keep all our business in the crib and
And not afraid to die with me the God on your side
We holding hands til death do us apart and then we slide
Earring in the left side of your nose love my combo
Should have left my Wis' a thousand times maybe tonight though
Yo you sexy motherfucker, damn what's the recipe?
You make a nigga wanna god damn!
Can you cook darling? At the stove you're evolving
Baked macaroni, turkey wings, a nigga starving
Here take my number let me pull the chair from under
I had fun plus your backyard speak with thunder




Today I'll talk about kindness
Justice, faith, and kindness
I want you to listen carefully
Kindness and faith, are the foundation
Without them, we can't become good people
And with justice, we know we can lead a good life
And how can I be a good man then, eh?
Huh... well, first of all, you have to practice honesty
Mmm?
Keep your temper, never lose control of yourself
Keep control
Be patient, if you learn to do these things, you can master anything


Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night


Cruisin on the interstate, just follow while I innovate
Too many try and imitate, medallion like a dinner plate
Front and get your dinner ate, chinchilla for the winter, wait
I'm tryin to bring the "Sexy Back" like Timbaland and Timberlake
Spittin like a calico, kush from a Cali ho
Tell that joker "tally ho", put shots in that Denali yo
RZA you know how we go on them 20's, that's how we roll
And I don't eat berries but eat a Berry like Halle though
The game criminal, my, my chain figaro
My, my dame's pigeon-toed, I'm still the same nigga though
Uh, kid rock a fitted low, still got a wicked flow
And I'm like Barry Bonds on anything that RZA throw


On anything that RZA throw, Ironman's invisible
I left my chick for cheatin on me, now that bitch is miserable
Poppin bottles, paintin hella Wallo's on my physical
We gon' have a ball, might as well pick a testicle
Purple haze festivals, smoke a nigga like a bowl
Fuck a coma, now the state you layin is a vegetable
You wanna see me? Like you ain't checkable?
You like a CD, I burn you and I wrecked a few...




Only God, has lept into avenged mind
And can distinguish, good, from evil
Ha ha ha ha

 Aye Yo Cappa!!


We gotta get more cake together, so we could branch out
Preserve land, get a boat and a ranch house
Call me a dreamer, but I hustle for real
You thought that I fell off but now I'm attackin the field
All in Chicago, grindin, puttin it down
Crush blocks of MC's, I ain't playin around
Yo you heard me on The Bassment, givin it to 'em
Fake dudes hidin theyself, but I could see through 'em
Diggler, what? I'm tryin to live and raise kids
While you throwin up ya sign, I'm layin 'em down kid
Plus I'm back home now, doin my thing
Thirty dollars to Medina just to cop me a ring




A good friend, holds his drink
Bad company makes bad wine!
Drinking among friends
Red wine means a good life
A few drinks bring comfort
Two drinks are enough!
Money can't buy courage!
Riches mean nothing to us!
Brilliant, a display of genius




Hey, you know, everybody's talking about the "good old days," right? Everybody! The good old days
Well, let's talk about the good old days!


Know what I'm sayin'?
Take you on this lyrical high real quick
1993 exoticness, know what I'm sayin'?
Let's get technical; where's your bone at?
Get up on that shit, a'ight? Yo!


Started off on the island, aka Shaolin
Niggas wilin', gun shots thrown, the phone diallin'
Back in the days, I'm 8 now
Makin' a tape now, Rae gotta get a plate now
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one
'Til I got (Blaow! Blaow! Blaow!) felt one
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since 16
Shootin' that "that's that shit!" in his blood stream
That's the life of a grimy, real-life crimey
And niggas know that habit's behind me
Day one, yo, growin' all up in the ghetto
Now I'm a weed fiend jettin' to Palmetto
In Medina, yo, no doubt, the god got crazy clout
Pushin' the big joint from down South
So if you're filthy stacked up, better watch your back and duck
'Cause these fiends, they got it cracked up
Now my man from up North, now he got the loft
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt
No jokes, I'm not playin', get his folks
Desert Eagle his dick and put him in a yoke
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop
I pointed a gat at his mother's knot
(Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit!)
Fuck that!


Dedicated to the winners and the losers
(Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers)
*Can it be that it was all so simple then?*
Dedicated to the 5's, 850i's
(Dedicated to niggas who do drive-by's)
*Can it be that it was all so simple then?*
Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ac's
(Dedicated to MPV's: phat!)


Kickin' the fly clichs, doin' duets with Rae and A
Happens to make my day
Though I'm tired of bustin' off shots, havin' to rock knots
Runnin' up in spots and makin' shit hot
I'd rather flip shows instead of those
Hangin' on my livin' room wall, my first joint and it went gold!
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade
Plus the spotlight, gettin' my dick rode all night
I want to have me a phat yacht
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops
But for now it's just a big dream
'Cause I find myself in a place where I'm last seen
My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain
'Cause times is changed and life is strange
The glorious days is gone and everybody's doin' bad
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs
Brothers passin' away, I gotta make wakes
Receivin' all types of calls from Upstate
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure, settlin' for lesser
The God left lessons on my dresser
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
To continue to make more hits with Rae and A
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime
Peace to mankind, Ghostface carry a black 9, nigga
Word up, it's all like that yeah)




It's like this, I'ma start from the top
Inspectah Deck, he's like
He's like that dude that'll sit back and watch you
Play yourself and all that, right?
And see you sit there and know you lyin'
And he'll take you to court after that
'Cause he the Inspectah, that's why he the and
And also he the Rebel I.N.S.
You know what I'm sayin'?
And Shallah Raekwon, he the Chef
He cookin' up some marvelous shit to get your mouth waterin'
On some "oh shit"
Then, then it's, then it's the Method Man
It's like mad different methods to the way I do my shit


You gotta smoke a bean in here, anyhow


And I'm tellin' you, mine
Basically Method Man is like
Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it
And then Baby U, he a psychopathic
He a psychopathic thinker
And and, then we got, then we got the Ol' Dirty Bastard
'Cause there ain't no father to his style
That's why he the Ol' Dirty Bastard
Ghostface Killah, you know what I'm sayin'?
He on some "now you see me, now you don't"
Know what I'm sayin'? And and, the RZA
He the sharpest motherfucka in the whole Clan
He always on point, razor sharp
With the beats, with the rhymes, whatever, any DJ


And the GZA, the G is just the Genius
He, he's the backbone of the whole shit


It's self-explanatory, Genius, word


He the head, let's put it that way
We form like Voltron, and GZA happen to be the head
You know what I'm sayin'?


Yeah, yeah, that's cool
So what's like, I mean what's like
Your ultimate goal against in this in this industry?


Domination, baby, fuck that


Can I say this one? Can I say this one?
Right now, right now, we still, we still
Feel like we ain't get what we want yet
When we get, when we get, when we get a little props
And really really get the way we gotta go
That's when you know it's on
You know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause right about now, I ain't braggin' or nothin'
But yo, the Wu, the Wu got somethin'
That I know that everybody wanna hear
'Cause I know I've been waitin' to hear
You know what I'm sayin'?
But straight up and down, 'til we get the goal
We gon' keep goin'


Yeah, 'cause we tryin' to do all this
We tryin' to make a business outta this, man
We ain't tryin' to-- know what I'm sayin'?
Affiliate ourselves with them fake-ass A&Rs and all that
We tryin' to make our own shit
So that when our children, word
So that when our children, all our seeds and whatever
They got somethin' for theyselves right there


We ain't tryin' to hop in and hop out right quick
Know what I'm sayin'?
We out for the Gusto, and we gon' keep it raw
You know what I'm sayin'? (Word)





Yo hold up, let me talk to this cat
Yo kid, what up Starks? what up?
(What's going on, whassup? whassup baby?)
Ayyo yo, I just seen this kid over there, over there right over there by your building and shit
I know he ain't down with your team
(Who?)
I dunno, some skinny looking big-head nigga, youknowwhatI'msayin
(He ain't making no sales though)
Yo son I just seen five fiends around a nigga son

(Fuck it, lets do what we gotta do)
Fuck it, lets go over there, I'mma show you this nigga

Come on come on, right over there, there you go, right there
(That cat?)
Word up, I'm right behind you


Ayyo kid, what the fuck is you doing man, huh? Huh
(Who the fuck you talking to)
I'm talking to you
(You ain't talking to me)
The fuck you talking about?
Open your hand, what the fuck is that in your hand man?
(sounds of Ghost slapping the kid)
What the fuck I say?
This is my shit, grab that nigga, grab that nigga (Why Why why?)
Come here!
(Sounds of gunshots)
Move son! move son! oh shit! oh shit! oh shit yo
Yo I'm hit, yo son I'm hit, I'm hit, I'm hit
(damn son, you bleeding son, bad)
Ayyo, grab this, grab this, take this, take this
I'm going over to the God's house, go ahead before the cops come, go ahead, go ahead son, man fuck that
Niggas try to assassinate me man



Yo, check what happened out of state
I'm knocking off a half-a-cake cash rule, flying at a fast rate
I smoke the black dust, kept my hands clutched, I'm falling in lust
Spoilt plush I played my hand like a royal flush
Baggy jeans, Wallabee Clarks, pretty women
I put it in 'em, shot up in 'em, deadly venom
I hung around the big time bosses
Illegal force exchange thoughts, showing love to all my sources
Spades tried to bag me, like Cagney and Lacey
Chef had that bitch Stacey slippin in Macy's
I doze off, catch a flashback on how I got trapped
And got licked like Papsy in a mob flick I got hit
Stumbling, holding my neck to the God's rest
Opened flesh burgundy blood colored my Guess
Emergency trauma, black teen headed for surgery
Can it be an out of state nigga tried to murder me?
I should've stayed in Job Corp, and now I'm a outlaw
Rae continue to carry a .44 nigga


Dedicated to the Gods and Earths
Dedicated to babies who came feet first
Dedicated to Up North and down state
Dedicated to rich niggas who sell weights
Dedicated to projects with black kids
Dedicated to man who build pyramids

Word up! What the fuck yo?
We taking you on another chamber
Word up son, you know how we be on it
Yeah it's real
Show these crabs how to rhyme man
I think it's time to bless them, word up
Bulletproof
First chamber
Yo Chef yo


It started off on the Island aka Shaolin niggas wilding
Old folks scream stop the violence!
True. laying up yo, watching these crack niggas
Playing nuff crap games for what, see
Back in days, crime pays in mad ways
Sporting Tommy Hil with caves, 360 waves
And no searching for loose ends, now I flex 300 Benz
Mad Timbs with mad diamonds
Now that's the life of the good life, sometimes niggas act trife
I paid the price throughout my hood life
Remember I got blasted, now that's in the past kid
God forbid I lay in the casket
But now I'm all about G-notes, no time for weed, mixed with coke
I wash my mouth out with soap
And got my act together, Lo sweaters and better
And phat leathers, so whatever, bring it on




Wait, hold up, chill, what's that, son?
Damn nigga got fucked, shit, huh?!
By his back, watch nigga run
Seven the center of your eight point Sun
Hold tight grip on the God-U Now, you best be careful!
Can't dodge two Self-Hes aimed at your domepiece
Father-U-C-King police!!


Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum


Yo, Rae it's been a long time son since we bust gun
Clap glaciers, ran the world and snatched paper
Return to the 36th Chamber
Proceed with caution as you enter
We have an A.P.B. on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master


Yo something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang thang
Something in the street went BANG BANG..


Up in the boss game wilding, money for grabs
I ain't fucking with crabs, out of state copped two labs
Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave
Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dough rehab
Tryna re-up, keep my feet up
Snake niggas in the cut, hold the product
Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust
Niggas you can't trust, dealing with lust
Seen him at the ballgames with James


Something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang thang
Something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang


Something in the hall went {Click Click}
The boxcutter went {Click Click}
Something in the hole went {Click Click}
The boxcutter went {Click Click}


These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini
G-Deini, Ronzoni noodles sprinkled on your embry'
Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats
To Israel slid through Bethlehem bong on one wheel
Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the 60's
Granddaddy Caddy was copping 6 G's
B'gosh all that Oshkosh jumpers
Pink Champelle, brown paper bags, wall to wall bumpers


These ain't the camera guys, cause, turn your eyes
Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai
Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl
We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs
Sonic bionic lens, RZA console
Is it Bush or the Dole, front row of the Superbowl
Black gold in my soul, on a ho stroll
Don't go boy you on parole you don't know?


Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK
Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK


Made 'em throw they hands up but then lay flat
Rat pack eat up, the average alley cat
Prepare for the impact when we contact
Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat
Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I
Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the buggy-I Benz
Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends
Who's your rhyming hero? Wu-Tang rules again


Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK
Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK


Yo something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang thang
Something in the street went, BANG BANG..


Something in the hole went {Click Click}
The boxcutter went {Click Click}
Something in the hole went {Click Click}
The boxcutter went {Click Click}


Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum




Yo yo yo! Word to ride nigga, yeah


Aiyyo we four or five niggas with furs on
Up top gated up, big tables got the reserves on
Blowin on saxophones, the band is rough
So much ice on looks like my wrist been cut
And we just made it back from Beijing
Seen my jeweler, told him melt the bird down to eight rings
And the music stopped, Jada stood up (yeah)
Before the speech, he had everybody raise they cups
He said, I been in spots where I can't even mention it
"Don't drink the Cris', Ghost mighta pissed in it!"
Romanian dude, black down, pourin the saki
Face slumped to the side like Rocky
Then Strahan came through, with his bullshit ring
He said YIKES, when I pulled out my monster bling
Don't be afraid of the New York street talk
I switch gear all day bro, like you do on your peach porch
The chairs is suede, the walls is velvet
Marquise ballroom, so live I felt it
Fat asses in fishnets, shakin they pelvis
Playin with they pussy, middle finger drippin, I smelt it
Poker tables, crap joints just for rap niggas
Me and Sheek, walkin around bitch-slappin niggas
There go Rae, there go P
Yo Chop whattup! Whattup?


Sam Cooke writin hand, all of my lightning, damn
Used to rob niggas in Sam's, buy shams
For my dude's baby shoe or booster baby, rollin with steel
Eatin Jamaican food under the wheel
You know the deal, book somethin then blow
When from a O to a low, little apartment in Brookdale
Gold was my motto, lotto numbers is what?
Had it in me, rolled down coolin with coke
That's the 90's, Chef era take over America
Bag Ugly Betty up, make her Ms. Guerrera
Pinky wench in sweaters, cortex burnin the mic booth
Travel right past my heritage
Them old school niggas is me
Taught me how to read, get skee'd, everybody missin a ki
Yo I do this with a natural movement
Catch me by the {?}, scope on me, fuck it I'm losin it


AH-HAHHHH! Uh, yeah, yo
I did it my way, lights off on the highway
Greek statues on both sides of the driveway
Word to the stamps on the diesel
The way these niggas is lookin either they got cramps or they evil
One go we all go, D-boy fresh but hard dough
Cashmere and suede cargoes
On top of the beige Wallo's
45 government edition clippers, straight hollows
My Clientele is Supreme and it's proven
That I'm Only Built 4 the Link if it's Cuban
I'm a pioneer, I'm not a vet (uh-uh)
"Last Kiss" is a French one, it's not a peck (uh-uh)
Movin powder, piff and a lot of wet
You're gonna die, that's a promise, not a threat
Yeah, but I ain't with the chatterin
Cause I'd just rather splatter them
This is a Cartel gatherin, what?




Shake them niggas


Scary hours no money out, smash the Guinness Stout
Play the outfield, Lucille, switched cracks on shields
She's a rich fiend sacrifice her fam shift them niggas
To Queens
Guess jeans she charged thirty-five beans
Hit the cell phone, regulate with well known Tone
A Wally kingpin who also slam the strike edition
What up? Corleone smoke the bone, Tone phone me
What up? He tried to slang there, address him with chrome only
Grady with the gray beard, transporting for him
Rocking Nike Air, Rastafarian bird, piping that
Switchin Benzes, ten carat nigga with gold lenses
Fronting like he's sitting on a lump, he's sitting on junk
You wanna pull a heist, draw guns and robberies
You wanna rock rep, step in yellow Wallabies
Names arraigned, they're Century Fox, little Glocks
Them niggas with stocks, ______ blocks
Rich lifestyle, spoiled like an ordinary white child
But right now, Sun it still shine, shed light now
Breakdown, liquidate God, fucking grab the nickel plate
'Spenser: For Hire', tension when we mention Dryer
He's a slave cop, behave pop
Isuzu Beige Top will blow that cat at the Purple Haze spot


I remember sticking fiends at the one-six-ooh
When we was starving, ducking five-oh, paying 'em dues
Times is hard in the slums I'm from, they got us barred in
We warring and cage dodging, ripping and robbing
Got the NARC sabotaging, slipping cracks in
Your camoflouging, now you snitching on the squadron
That's something niggas can't pardon
City overrun by young gun with bad intention and Wu-Wear garment
So I see no need to mention, the potency
Of a sting from a killa bee, kicking the battery
Out the back of them wisecracks
Distorted for your get high, you hijack
These friendly skies ain't for you, they for me and mine
This the year of the grimy nigga, ragtime
Keep these niggas on the run, peep my Clan emblem
Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from


Catch us swimming with these sharks now, you rap villains
(I feel the same way you niggas feeling)
We feel the same way you feeling, let it be known (let it be known)
What the blood clot you niggas dealing, you crash dummies
Cash rules, still don't nothing move but the money


Aiyyo strongarm that kid right there with wavy hair
Billy Johnson snatched him out his whip in Times Square
Took his Pumas, nameplate, dude lost weight
Summer '88, started a fight, that can't wait
Ask Dorothy, same kid pussy up in Marcy
Blazing that Ted Rossi up in The Marquees
He lost like a hundred ounces, Jake rushed his houses
Had him on the porch, ass no trousers
This souped up, individual stuck, the new stuff
Same kid crying on the stand with Judge Cuffner
Kissed him with odd numbers three to nine style
Before he left he flashing his face like Denzel
Richard Dale took his Beaver, underwall balling his whip
Mussy dropped and split his wig with the heater
His shape-up was all fucked up, as he had me laughing
God you see how he was laid out in the grass
With dirt in his mouth, Slim woke him up told him he wild out
Blood leaking from his teeth he smiled like he gummed out
Big bolo, stacking his shit, financed a Volvo
He copped his shit from a small coffee shop in SoHo
He still pussy, he sell his dust up on the Lower East
Posing like he rapping out...




Yo, hand me my surfboard, I'mma surf on these niggas real quick
You know what I mean, show these niggas out
See whose real and see whose fake
Youknowhatimean, it just seem like you niggas float on water
Check this style out... I've never used this shit before (yo, yo)


I got them Beefsteak Charlie's on, size 12, medium
Shy top wallies on, straight from England
I got taps on mines, ya'lls is leaning
Fuck ya star pussies for real, ya'll just dreaming
Wake up, mothafuckas, shape up, feel the pain
What up, stand the fuck up, pull ya cup out for change
Now who wanna step through my backyard?
When this go double platinum I'mma flash hard, like
Oh boy, Toney's the Don, know
With so much paper, call me Enron, so
My peeps blow, check my peacoat
She holds, throw it back, nigga I keep those
Just in case ya'll wanna see a freakshow
Barnum & Bailey's, night of the deepthroats
Dirty mouth niggas, may ya'll eat soap
Shoot one of ya'll, touch my cheese toast


Hey hey, what you say?
This is real hip hop on the line today
It's worth more than any label, on what they pay
I'm here to save hip hop, cuz it's dying away, come on


Fiber optic, microscopic
Bulletproof. Yo, I'm glad you copped it
Sony stop it, Def Jam gon' do the opposite
Hov' gon' keep on top of it
I'm real positive, my prerogative
Socrates, mockeries, Betty Croker kids
Go broke, I'mma fucking rob ya crib
And I'mma kill him if I get on top of him
With crazy hammers, nothing but grown man taste
With bandanas, right in front of cameras
Parents planning, feel the cannon
Tanning yogurt niggas, like Dannon
Stretch, yes, I go to war with a banged up vest
Teflon, that was made by Guess
Even my girl got a bulletproof dress
J.Lo shit to runway, laid Prego crisp
Diego, Killah wave-oh, Play-Doh fifth
They ain't no, nigga like Ghost, play those chips
We dying from the guns shots, fatal licks
From yae yo bricks to Adolf spits, we paid off it
The Wally Don, done ate off it
Throwing stones at a glass house, front and get mashed out
My gun turn heads, like bitches with they ass out




Yeah, uh-huh, nigga, ya'll like that shit huh, youknowhatimean
This is real hip hop and shit, youknowhatimean
This is a huh, I'm a true MC, ya'll niggas know how I get down
Ain't none of that commercial shit, youknowhatimean
I'm stuck in that, back in the days, '95
'88, '86 era, of real hip hop and shit
You know what I mean, word up, it's the great Ghost Deini, nigga
I got too many styles, I juggle this shit
Ya'll little niggas out there need to take heed




Tommy Mottola, lives on the road
He lost his lady, two months ago
Maybe he'll find her, maybe he won't
Oh wonder that love


Brothers try to pass me, but none could match me
No girl can freak me, I'm just too nasty
Lost on the dance floors, I attack y'all
Snuck through the back door, guess who they saw?
Goldie and Ghost, black African Rose
Star-studded low lenses, plus the mural was dope
Airbrush W-B's, STOP! (Shake your body, body)
And cop a couple of these (She's a hottie, hottie)


Scottfree and Chauncey, very upset
They're sick and tired of living in debt
Tired of roaches and tired of
Rats
I know they are over


One in the head, I'm fed, this is how we doin
Put a Ruff Rider on my dick, bust right through 'em
Come out your shirt, insert the party rhyme
Fine Dr. Buzzard, Bacardi Lime
We passin it, takes the shake your Calvin Klein
Before the floor gets moist, taste and follow mine
Swallow nine, model dimes from Bahamas
Slim doo-doo makers stuffed inside pajamas


They'll take all your rhymes with a Colgate smile, hey baby
They'll love you one second, then hate you the next
Oh ain't it crazy baby, yeah
Tony's his name, the undefeated champion, whoa, yeah (Blow 'em down God)
Now he's alone, he's just the king of his throne (Yeah, aha)
Always will be my friend, Ghostface Killah (Truly yours, peace boo)




Tommy Mattola, lives on the road
He lost his lady, two months ago
(For real son what?)
Maybe he'll find her, maybe he won't
Oh wonder that love


Brothers try to pass me, but none could match me
No girl can freak me, I'm just too nasty
Lost on the dance floor as I attack y'all
Snuck through the back door, guess who they saw?
Goldie and Ghost, black African Rose
Star-studded low lenses, plus the mural was dope
Airbrush W-B's, STOP! (Shake your body, body)
And cop a couple of these (She's a hottie, hottie)


Scottfree and Chauncey, very upset
They're sick and tired of living in debt
Tired of roaches and tired of rats
I know they are over


Brooklyn jumpin' - it's girls by the thousands
Heart-throb music - girls come out your blouses
Shakin' ya ass - it's Cherchez Laghost
She could hustle with a sick style - jump off the boat!
Everybody's in the song - no bad boys
Scene hot and muggy - you might end up in the wrong house
You hear the feelin' - snatch that boy
He a herb - catch him for a brand new toy


They'll take all your rhymes with a Colgate smile, hey baby
(Get 'em girl, get 'em girl)
They'll love you one second, then hate you the next
Oh ain't it crazy baby, yeah (So crazy, so crazy)
Tony's his name, the undefeated champion, whoa, yeah
{Blow 'em down}
Now he's alone, he's just the king of his throne
(Yeah, aha, true)
Always will be my friend, Ghostface Killah
(Truly yours, peace boo)


Catch me on the stage with about ten kicks
Blister hard headed - grinnin' all day
Can you say "Oww! We just got paid"
Keep ya frown son if you ain't gettin' laid


Oooo, Ghostface, Ghostface
Oooo, Ghostface, Ghostface *repeated to end*
Amore, amore, he rhymes, he rhymes, amore
Oh Tony, he rhymes, he rhymes, he rhymes



(feat. Madam Majestic)


Tommy Mattola, lives on the road
He lost his lady, two months ago
(For real son what?)
Maybe he'll find her, maybe he won't
Oh wonder that love


Brothers try to pass me, but none could match me
No girl can freak me, I'm just too nasty
Lost on the dance floor as I attack y'all
Snuck through the back door, guess who they saw?
Goldie and Ghost, black African Rose
Star-studded low lenses, plus the mural was dope
Airbrush W-B's, STOP! (Shake your body, body)
And cop a couple of these (She's a hottie, hottie)


Scottfree and Chauncey, very upset
They're sick and tired of living in debt
Tired of roaches and tired of rats
I know they are over


Brooklyn jumpin' - it's girls by the thousands
Heart-throb music - girls come out your blouses
Shakin' ya ass - it's Cherchez Laghost
She could hustle with a sick style - jump off the boat!
Everybody's in the song - no bad boys
Scene hot and muggy - you might end up in the wrong house
You hear the feelin' - snatch that boy
He a herb - catch him for a brand new toy


They'll take all your rhymes with a Colgate smile, hey baby
(Get 'em girl, get 'em girl)
They'll love you one second, then hate you the next
Oh ain't it crazy baby, yeah (So crazy, so crazy)
Tony's his name, the undefeated champion, whoa, yeah
{Blow 'em down}
Now he's alone, he's just the king of his throne
(Yeah, aha, true)
Always will be my friend, Ghostface Killah
(Truly yours, peace boo)


Catch me on the stage with about ten kicks
Blister hard headed - grinnin' all day
Can you say "Oww! We just got paid"
Keep ya frown son if you ain't gettin' laid


Oooo, Ghostface, Ghostface
Oooo, Ghostface, Ghostface 
Amore, amore, he rhymes, he rhymes, amore
Oh Tony, he rhymes, he rhymes, he rhyme




Pretty little Sally sat up by the tree trunk
White miniskirt with a Betty Boop bum
She had an ass like Deborah Cox, face like Lauryn
Waist like a Coke bottles scoring
Pretty young thing loved the swings
At times she got my ding-a-ling hard
When she said push hard, she kept Vaseline
Open as she swung back, couldn't help her dress blew back
Now held accountable right for my actions
Right before the Wallabee Champ was rocking Wallows
Drawing cards, sent her rap message through a bottle
Lines from Dolemite, few tips from Goines
Birthday, gave her two fifty cent coins
Puppy love, gorgeous face, amazed by lip gloss
Cherry scent, when the princess spoked yo it bounched off
Mole like Marilyn Monroe, threw a rose in her mouth
Wherever God go will be Mrs. Cole
Girl's so pretty, kids with little niddys hope the years go slow, slow
Surrounded by intelligence, life through education healthy minds will grow, grow
Catch me on a bus-stop, dusted, cursin out the cops
But still come and vibe with me
Everybody's talking about Wu-Tang fronting
But you still telling lies to me
Beautiful in lightshows, having no intentions on love
But having strung I suppose, here we go
It's not the way she bubbed the gum
Shooked her ass, I'm not the one
Double dutch, waiting for the bus with faggot Laurie son
Now 'N Later lady 7th floor, building 7-80
Fancy fox, booties for her socks, nothing else can change me
Young Nefertiti, knowledge seed with no jewelry on
Tahitian fresh berry tree, she's a capricorn
I really liked the girl, had dreams about her
Thinking to myself some nights she got ("louder")
But hating, was Sheneneh and Grace and Keylolo
Trick bitches jumped my boo at the school a few years ago
Hit me, you hit me, Grace got the last hit
Eh yo, the bitches started swinging and shit, so I jumped in
Those were the days, made faces in school plays
Paper trays, city wide test, made half a days
Shooting puppy water, might hump the pillow, dick a inch taller
Stapleton bum nigga, I'll pop her cherry for her
Fresh Air Fund, nails done, alphabets berets
Jellies, bubble yum, soda tongue, too young to cum
Then engage him with them candy rings a-yo, I hit that shit
Got jealous when she kissed Rob
I broke her Chick-O-Sticks


Guys and girls
Y'all remember those days and shit
Girls walk around in school
One ponytail with the beret
Next looking like baby powder, youknowhatImean
Those were the days right there
Boston Baked Beans, girls come to school with mad candy
YouknowhatImean
You'd just come in school for half days, and all that
Just to see that little girl right there, ? to this
Go home and think about it, youknowhatImean
May hump the bed sometimes on her, youknowhatImean
Word, those days man, those, those were the good old days right there G
That shit was fun, lunchroom, see in the lunchroom, youknowhatImean
Might get a little, go to the G.O. Store or something, youknowhatImean
Word, buy a little chocolate, a little shake or something, youknowhatImean
A little buttercrunch joints or something, youknowhatImean
That's that real shit, G I miss those shits, man
I wanna go back to school, man
That's my word, man
For real y'all, those were, those were the
Goddamn y'all, you remember




War, we run these streets like a renegade
Get that gwap, til the rent is paid
Hunt my prey, in the Cavalcade
Revenge is got, when the boss is slayed


Aiyo, what up homie, it's Tony, revenge is so sweet
And I move with artillery, roaming the streets
My guns is ginormous, bullets is heatseeking
Big Brother got the eye on me, I watch how I'm speaking
And I move like a porn star in charm school
I stick everything I see, but I only take jewels
And cash rules, pills and that cocaine powder
I ain't a man, I'm a killer, obsessed with power
And revenge, I don't need friends and shiesty activities
Move alone through the City that they call Liberty
And trust nobody but my bullets and my shotty
Carjack a fool twist his limbs like pilates
Ox' him, buck 50 stitch him, Chinatown Wars
I chop 'em up like rice in the kitchen
It's a bad decision, starting beef with the butcher
He ain't a bleeder, I pop him son, your man is a gusher




Clap on, clap off
Fake ass street thugs, either need to ax off, or cough
Feel 'em, Metal Finger steel drum
Clean the sidewalk with him, talk shit to real scum
Of the earth, take it with a shovelful
Main character, super villain, lovable
And don a mask like a crown of thorns
Blow your horn and get pounded out by the boring
(I take your order) let me get one wing
Any king that bring this sting for Chung King
No change, no stranger to gats
Took notice, what so strange is no cats
Dogs is wars, dud luck, draw straws
Fuck the boss, drowned on blood and duck sauce
Stuck the enemy, a wack deal caper
For racks of fake Fendi and stacks of real paper




Yo, it's a manhunt, my mentality's militia
If my four-fifth had lips, I'd make it French kiss ya
Cuz no mission's impossible, I carry my Wu-Tang sword
On my back, and attack all obstacles
Burnt down buildings, avenging my father's death
A store for ransom, and snatch your crystal meth
I pillage, my warpath is unpredictable
Leave 'em dead on arrival, broke up or critical


War nine, frying swine to pork rinds
For trying to walk the fine line, thoughts flying
Had more fun with a crooked rookie
Went for his gun, cracked his skull like a fortune cookie
A mind reader, find out, speak, freaks bow
With the nine heater, beat feet and smile now
Ten paces, about face, chase me
We make it sound crazy than a case of M-80's



Hey miss what up, Tone got luck
I wore a lot of jewelry and I never got stuck
Cats like the way I write, dress like a superstar
Take car of family so I don't have stupid cars
Peace to all single ladies struggle with a ruff life
Baby daddy fronting
That's aight check out my man Trife
Represent Stapleton, raised in the West
780 Anderson now I'm the best
Stopping all bets slamming niggas like Barkley
Back in my reefer days sellin you parsley
Always kept aluminum bats in the car seat
Then I showed Doo and them, That's were the narcs be
Came to play no games and stay in your lane
And the ratchets on your brain and fuckin to aim at yall
Big spender, Rock a robe in November
I never broke bud I throw my trees up in a blender


How you like it baby
You wanna good time, You alright you alright
Come on, How you like it baby
Can I roll with you tonight


Yo, You better shoot spots, Red and blue drops
I used to serve those, those maroon tops, (Go head)
Then crack the window when the fuckin rooms hot
If my CD was skippin get a different boom box
New socks full of polo chet, rugged low mocs
So hot, Right before I pop the fuckin show stops
You can't box, I Seen better hands on an old clock
The old ox never marked you, Ima blow pops
Prophesize Don, it's me
Aqua blue mink, In my bitch arms and feet
20 g's real niggas like pardon me
Ima be honest to your man with the Dom P, More like Sean Connery
Heard he fight crime like the old man Barnaby
Giving you the business, Crack heads and wannabes
And I keep drugs in the Toney Starks pharmacy
Desperate house wives slobbing me cause they honor me




Now if it wasn't for the Wu
Tell me if this rap shit would really carry on
Now tell me where you from
Staten Isle baby, Up town baby
Boogie down baby, Brook-Don baby
Now if it wasn't for the Ghost
None of yall rap niggas would be writing songs
Now tell me where yall from
Queens bound baby, Long Isle baby
New Jerus baby, Connecticut baby
Hey mister, please let my niggas in
Thugs and my women in, You don't want no problem wit me
We got them burners on the dance floor
Goons is already in, Shanks and Machetes in
3 to the head again, Ghost Remy Hennessy
All yall haters what yall mad for



(Wizstizy)

Cidade da Vergonha do fracasso e sofrimento
Onde tu ajudas e te faltam o respeito
For real, tudo que eu vos digo vem do peito
O Zeca perde os bens e eu  que sou suspeito?

Why? S porque cheguei a pouco na zona
Os niggas dizem que esse mido s incomoda
No sei se  a moda ou a zona
Que les incomoda eu no sigo a moda eu sou a moda

Esses niggas no percebem o que  isso
Todos niggas agem feito lixo
Fumando a minha bula concentrado on my future
Eu no pro s reparo

Vrum vrum carro e mota eu no tenho just believe
Tipo que sabem quando me v perguntam where do you live
No sejas fingido, pra e pensa tu s big bro
Ou melhor no s meu bro, tu ages que nem uma hoe

Que anda em ruas e ruinhas a espalhar fofocas
E te pergunto agora, em qu que tu te focas
AKM is focus, keep your group focus
AKM is focus, keep your group focus


Coro
(Belmiro Voice Melody)

Isso no  normal
Niggas calem vossas bocas  srio
Eu tou a criar meu imprio
No importa se falam mal no importa se gostam ou no (2X)


(Ghost iCe)

Quem me dera que tudo fosse bem diferente
Que a minha city no tivesse esse tipo de gente
Bando de incopetentes nunca te enfrentam de frente
Apunhalando pelas costas um amigo ou at parente

 muito triste o que hoje vejo dessa minha gente
Tipo gua suja hoje ningum  transparente
Vejo pessoas mais venenosas que uma serpente
Gostava que fossem mosquitos pra eu aplicar repelente

Deus por todos cada qual por si
No te espantes assim funciona o sistema aqui
Muitos armados em santos, mas so Satans
At h niggas com mais bocas que um fogo a gs

Tou indignado com a situao dessa minha city
Vida com sabor mais picante que um piri piri
Muito egosmo ningum te ajuda a subir
 triste mas sejam bem vindos essa  a minha City, Mtl






Up from the 36 Chambers
Heheh, it's the Ghost *Face Killah*
Heheheh, Wu-Tang!
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, U-God
Ghostface Killah, the Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, the Masta Killa, Raw Desire, LeVon, Power Cipher
12 O'Clock, 60 Second Assassin
The 4th Disciple, the Brown Hornet
K.D. the Down Low Recka
Shyheim a.k.a. The Rugged Child
Du-Du-Lilz, Mr. Hezekiah
Better known as the Yin and the Yang, the True Master
Isham, DJ Skane, the True Robocop comin' through
Scientific Shabazz, my motherfuckin' man Wise the Civilized
The Shaolin Soldiers, Daddy-O and Popa Ron
Comin' down from the motherfuckin' South end of things
Killa Beez all over your fuckin' planet
Thirty-six chambers of death
Three-hundred and sixty degrees of perfected styles
Choppin' off your motherfuckin' dome
-piece, and every fuckin' borough
Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, Staten Island
The motherfuckin' Bronx, Killa Beez


The sword? C'mon, give him the sword!


Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, rag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track to what


The Wu is comin' through, the outcome is critical
Fuckin' with my style is sort of like a miracle
On 34th Street, in the Square of Herald
I gamed Ella, the bitch caught a Fitz like Gerald-
-ine Ferraro, who's full of sorrow
'Cause the ho didn't win, but the sun will still come out tomorrow
And shine shine shine like gold mine
Here comes the drunk monk, with a quart of Ballantine
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone!
Let's get on this mission like Indiana Jones
The GZA, one who just represent the Wu-Tang clique
With the game and soul of an old school flick
Like the Mack and Dolemite, who both did bids
Claudine went to Cooley High and had mad kids
So stop, the life you save may be your motherfuckin' own
I'll hang your ass with this microphone
Make way for the merge of traffic
Wu-Tang's comin' through with full metal jackets
God squad that's mad hard to serve
Come frontin' hard, then Bernhard Goetz what he deserves


Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, rag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track to what


No response while I bomb that ass
You ain't shit, your wack-ass town had you gassed
Egos is somethin' the Wu-Tang crush
Souped-up niggas on a stage get rushed
I don't give a goddamn on the shows you did
How many rhymes you got or who knows you, kid
'Cause I don't know you, therefore show me what you know
I come sharp as a blade and I cut you slow
You become so Pat as my style increases
What's that in your pants? Ahh, human feces!
Throw your shitty drawers in the hamper
Next time, come strapped with a fuckin' Pamper
How you sound, B? You're better off a quitter
I'm on the mound, G, and it's a no-hitter
And my DJ, the catcher, he's my man
In a way he's the one who devised the plan
He throws the signs, I hook up the beats with clout
I throw the rhymes to the mic and I strike 'em out
So it really doesn't matter on how you intrigue
You can't fuck with those in the major leagues


Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, rag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, rag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track to what


Hoods on the right
Punks in the back to what
Niggas on the left
Hoods on the right
Punks in the back, c'mon to what
Let your feet stomp
Rag shit to death
Wild for the night
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, come on in the track
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp



* bonus track right after "Jah World"


Call it the Hollow Bone syndrome line
Select sweet nine, face this, watch his whole face lift
Bracelets, murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out, half a million dollars in coats
Flows is genetic, the Corleone connection in all
Selection, stock brokers with coats on
Make coke suggestion, all twin glizzies
Fireman, Gucci boots on, sideways action
Murder niggas fear me yo
Cash that he did Clinton, rentin his mother crib out
We send organize the Bill of Rights get lid
Drugs that Hendrix was on, conversatin like the Dutch
Richie Conaway, Goodfellas who honor Rae
Flows that blow thru your roll and Holland
Everybody now, trip up niggas, in clicks we posin rhyme black
Half the year, half my niggas sittin upstairs
Takin pictures of ya niggas wack gear


Listen to the (Clap)
Real niggas (Clap)
Rich niggas (Clap)
My bitches (Clap)
If you love pussy then y'all niggas (Clap)
If you love to get ate, then ya ladies (Clap)
If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggas (Clap)
If you bare witness to Allah y'all (Clap)
Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggas Clap
(Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all Clap)
Good hats, sloppy automatics that Clap
(Big shit, thunder) Get around that


Porcelain floors with a dog named Ginger
Bottle cap niggas that rhyme, we the winners
Then slide thru your hood in hoods
Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods
Holdin up gorilla, two niggas got a hold that shit
One shot and ya mans on it
The little kids watch from down the block
Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots
Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it
Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it
Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and
2000 Mark Damon'in


Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap
Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap, Clap ya hands now
People Clap ya hands


I drink till I'm drunk
Smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk
Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers
Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls
It be us, fuck ya law, niggas my cause is "because"
No yin to my yang, it's a black thing
Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains
Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all
Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest?
Ya down with the syndrome: retarded
I think it was them swordsmen
Place them chess pieces on the boards and
Take it to square, this ain't no Yakool affair
Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner's daughter
That y'all, but not us




During this time, I intend to teach you the Shaolin poem
The rules and commandments, that void, deceit
Cruelty and unkindness, always help the weak
Never despise the poor, always respect yourself




We gon', we gon', we gon', we gon'
We gon' what? Collect collect, nigga, and network
That's the part of the game, that's the part of the game, that niggas
Never understood
About what the fuck we stand for, you know what I mean?
I got your babies, nigga, I got I got I got everything, nigga
You know what time it is, nigga, teach the deadly darts, you hear me
You hear me?


Aiyo, call it the Hollow Bone syndrome line
Select sweet nine, face this, watch his whole face lift
Bracelets, murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was drapped
Caked out, half a million dollars in coats
Flows is genetic, the Corleone connection in all
Selection, stock brokers with coats on
Make coke suggestion, all twin glizzies
Fireman, gucci boots on, sideways action, murder niggas fear me yo
Cash that he did Clinton, rentin his mother crib out
We send organize the Bill of Rights get lid
Drugs that Hendrix was on, convesatin like the Dutch
Richie Conaway, Goodfellas who honor Rae
Flows that blow thru your roll and Holand
Everybody now, trip up niggas, in clicks we posin rhyme black
Half the year, half my niggas sittin upstairs
Takin pictures of ya niggas wack gear
Nikes that leap up in trees, big guns and big V's
In front of your mother building, all knees, yo
Spread mercy on 'em, get to moving like, big Percy on 'em
Coming (thunder, get around that)


Porcealin floors with a dog named Ginger
Bottle cap niggas that rhyme, we the winners
Then slide thru your hood in hoods
Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods
Holdin up gorilla, two niggas got a hold that shit
One shot and ya mans on it
The little kids watch from down the block
Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots
Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it
Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it
Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and
2000 Mark Damian


I drink till I'm drunk, smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk
Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers
Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls
It be us, fuck ya law, niggas my cause is "because"
No yin to my yang, it's a black thing
Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains
Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all
Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest?
Ya down with the syndrome: retarted
I think it was them swordsmen, place them chess pieces on the boards and
Take it to square, this ain't no Yacub affair
Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner daughter
That y'all, but not us


(Big shit, thunder) Get around that




Somebody said jelly just walked in the room
Must be my night, cuz somethin told me to bring my spoon
Got bread, and honey love, excuse my goons
Got wheels, but I wish you could ride my broom
Your walk is killin em softly, your ass is thick
Bellydancing all night with your massive hips
You make me wanna scratch and sniff
If I go down low, I gotta get it


Look at it, ooh, it's remarkable (yes it is, yes it is)
The way it moves, it's the star of the show
Ooh, it's incredible, the way you make it shake like that
Tell me, how do you do it? Make it bounce like a 64 Cadillac
Owwww


Do I gotta clap for that, ooh, cuz it's remarkable
Make you wanna clap for that, oww, it's so beautiful
Whooa, do I gotta clap for that


Said it must be jelly, baby cuz cake don't shake like that
Gotta get it on the morning, be like wow, just like the cat on your baby fat
How do you do it? The way you shake it, break it, drop it, and ya
Don't even hurt a thang, nooooo
Cuz the way that you workin it, you make me wanna dig deep down in my
Pockets and give ya everythang I got




How the hell did your mama, girl, push you out?
With an ass like that, you were born to bounce
But yo, I never rode a horse
But you got that giddy up girl bustin out your shorts
Your style is sexy, your drawers is lefty
Wedged up, lemme pull em out, your front part lookin all pussy
I'm a poo poo burgler, can't trust me
Don't gimme that face like you dyin to fuck me


Shorty got a mind that walks, I'll clap for that
Shorty got a mind with ???, I'll clap for that
If she got a real big ass, we smashin that
Gimme that cootie girl, I'll answer that
Do somethin for your fans, keep flashin that
You lookin for the kid, like 'where the bastard at?'
Have you pullin out your hair, raise ??? and ???
But anyways ???, that ass is fat






Yo straight up last minute, you know what time it is
Word up, yeah, yeah, yeah
Word up, blip blip blap blap blap
What up?


Who don't know? They don't know, betta let 'em know
There they go, here we go


Aiyo Clientele Kidd
Layin in the crib gettin' ill money, those who 8 hours get gig
Got rugby's on and 4/5ths
Attractin' them niggas I go against, the money was his
One nasty unit of murderers, all type of Goons'll watch
Then four minutes later they burgulars
I heard from the grapevine mine made it
Elevate the name up, this gift gotta reign and his game went up
And now he's stronger than ever, Nike jackets and Classics
Go against it and it's instant vendettas
He run things, gun down Kings, check the joint the kid flyin' in
Crib in Africa with two lions
Somethin' like the Prince of a jewel thief, so smack the millions
Came back wrapped it up, too sweet
The game is missin' somethin' unique
I put too much to fall back on, I rather just sleep


CHEF! We designin', rhymin' with Diamonds
CHEF! Ice Water, it was all in the timin'
CHEF! He gave y'all niggas bricks on consignment
CHEF! To the death and he Billboard climbin'


Yeah uh
Yo Don Carta' bomb harder over nearly everybody
Very rarely you find me without the mini-shotti
Just waitin' for Rae to give me the cue and
You see about 100 Puerto Rican niggas shootin'
Get down, lay down, we don't play around
I don't know what you heard but, we don't play around
It's cooked coke, but look, but what the fuck happened?
How you leave the dope game to persue rappin'?
Already knowin' that ya shit was trash
Breathin' hard on the mic when yo' click is ass
All we tryin' to do is bring dignity to rap
And you kiddin' me? I'm literally the epitome of that
Uh, we much better than y'all, Terre-error the Squad
My niggas set it when we get in the yard
Whether Marcy or Comstock, triggers 'pon cock
Straight punch in ya lung and you niggas gon' drop
What?




Yo yo yo shoot him in his mouth.. (nah)
Fuck him, get the gasoline tell Terry to pull the Ac' up
Bring him to Rae warehouse, hang him from hooks then skin his ass
As lame as he look he ready to cook (yeah)
And he pleadin' for mercy, bleedin' from his dome and he thirsty
The first week we made him eat shit!
Videotaped his wiz and I fucked his bitch
Made him watch me on the couch havin' fun with his kids
So what hurts more: is it me showin' love to ya fam?
Or you in the box laid under the floor?
Or keep you alive blow torchin' ya balls?
My murder chainsaw, ya bloods on my Scarface walls
Not even Ajax can clean that, Jack
We need that maintenace man shit that kill that greasy blood on contact
Finish you off cuz I'm pressed for time
Your man and 'em will be next to die
Mothafucka!








Aiyyo, turn those lights down while I'm recording!
Matter 'fact y'all niggas get the fuck out the room, G!
Straight up! Sipping on that bullshit Budweiser!
Nah'mean yo.. what? Fuck you too, nigga!
'Kind of pants you got on motherfucker, Capris?!
Bitch ass nigga, go get ya feet done!
Eat a dick nigga!


Catch me in the 80's drop
Old school Mercedes with a brand new baby Glock
Right from my Lady's sock with two bodies on it
Capricorn, Aquarius
Lost so much blood, these bitch niggas in they periods
They say I be living the role, like 'Pac in Juice
And only fuck with fly bitches that can fly and boost
And they ears be chandeliers, lit up like a lamp, Who cares?!
They cooch is fierce, the only thing loose is hairs
That's right y'all, if a rap nigga say my name I'm a fight y'all
Fuck a state, light charge
My predicate status, irrelevant
My man got the big rap sheet that's outweighing two elephants
Jumbo shits from New Orleans
Players and Pimps that bit off Fiends
Quick, switch with the hands, Powder blue wally's is dyed, Vanilla Bally's is mean
Can't none of y'all motherfuckers fuck with my team, Uh!


Aiyyo we the live niggas holding heat on the street corners
Sic the beasts on you, turn mothers to mourners
Money launderers, neighborhood coroners, place bodies in bags
Tango with dirty Cash, Cocaine jacks
"Kings of the Hill", out to blow like propane gas
Package the raw, Theodore, We got the game on smash
Cause we cut from the same cloth
Big guns ready to bang off
Slide off the cables and take the rings off!


We hold the weight of four Synagogues
Jelly'd uptown in them beat down rented cars
Going mad wetting 'em
Milk cash, heavy tecks, hood rats, sexing 'em
Paris crew, little dudes, please! I was repping 'em
Niggas couldn't come through (word)
That's when the block was like wallpaper, loved sticking niggas like crazy glue
Blackouts happened, God forbid don't be around!
The Bag Lady will murk you and let off in the next town!
She struck two times, get caught, good luck blood, it ain't no Heinz
Blow a hockey puck hole in the back of your spine
She put two cut up mirrors in the place of your eyes
So when the cops look they see theyselves, they all gonna die
Its the tale of the Crips and Bloods, pimps and thugs
Get your face bashed in on the concrete rug
On that note I'm a say peace!
Theodore! Word to Darryl Mack's teeth!




Yo, Ayo I'll break every bone in your wrist
Smack you in the back of your head on the block while you holding your dick
My semi, they call it the crouching tiger
A hundred bowls of Total is trash, because my lead eat through fibers
Peel your potato like Ore-Ida
On the day of your death people had candles but couldn't find no lighter
Fuck your mural! Fuck your hood!
You ain't a street legend like me!
Blake Carrington holding the Dynasty
I muffle motherfuckers up like Meineke
And write a thousand bar verse that all rhymes with "E"
Jewel thief, Shizzam bangles, in the vault deep
And cruising deserts mad heavy into salt treats
I'm the taste in Bush's mouth, nasty
Afghanistan missions, gun training in the grassy fatigues
Picking niggas off by the Red Sea
And did it all for Ghost, sniffing on caffeine!




We have to take our clothes off (so sexy)
We have to party all night
We have to take our clothes off
To have a good time, oh no, no, no, no


Excuse me miss, I couldn't help but to notice how alone you are
I dig your attitude and how you're acting like you own the bar
Got me flashing keys and I don't even own a car
Front like you ain't feeling my charm, because I know you are
I'm trying to see how your lips feel
Oh I'm sorry, my name is Travey and I'm pretty much a big deal
Oh, you've never heard of me, that sounds absurd to me
The way you stole my attention was flat out burglary
What do you say let's exit stage left so me and you can
Possibly reconvene and play some naked peek-a-boo
Cause after all the blouse you're wearing is kinda see through
And it's obvious I'm heading wherever you're leading me too
I'm such an angel with a devilish angle
And quite the certified sweet talker
And you're buying every line of it girl
And I don't really blame you
If I was in your shoes I'd probably do the same too




I went from ashey to classy, now they ask me
Ig they can have me, in the back seat
Of the Caddy, callin me daddy, smackin the phatty
Ghost and Travey, pass the hashies
Damn ma, them denims look tight
I'm into sex, any sex, I need you tonight
Cuz I'm not sleepin, and nah, I'm not creepin
No wife, no kids boo, you can stay the weekend
No pajamas, nothin to sleep in
Seems shallow, so jump in the deep end
Why go out baby, we can eat in
I don't discriminate color, there's no reason
You can be Black, Asian, Puerto Rican
German, Indian, Scicilian, Norweigan
No matter your region or click you be in
Straight from the hood, or a cracka like wheat thins




Travis got chicks, all hot chicks
Indie-rock chicks and hip-hop chicks
Thin chicks, round chicks
Black, white, yellow, and brown chicks


Ghostface Killaaaaaaah


Yo, yo, whatup gorgeous, it's Toney, I seen you from affar
With that milkshake, bringin all the boys to the yard
Had to scoop you, like hey, take a look at my girlfriend
Hourgalss figure with your hair and your curls in
Sexy, down just to party all night
But you gotta take your clothes off just to make it right
Have a good time, good chance you can be mine
Like sixty eight, I only want a percent of your time
But I'm good for it love, the bank got crazy os
Catch me on tour with them Gym Class Heroes
You said, "Wait you Ghostface from the Wu-Tang Clan?
Where your boys at, my girl's dying to meet RZA man"
I laughed, ordered a chill bottle of Goose
You can get loose, I'll call the troops
Now we pulling out the Bentlies and six hundred Coups
But you gotta promise to get down to your birthday suit







See here's the thing


We have to take our clothes off
(So sexy)
We have to party all night
We have to take our clothes off
To have a good time
Oh no no no


Excuse me miss
I couldn't help but to notice how alone you are
I dig the attitude and how you're actin' like you own the bar
Got me flashing keys and I don't even own a car
Like you ain't feeling my charm, because I know you are
I'm trying to see how your lips feel
Oh I'm sorry, my name is Travie and I'm pretty much a big deal
Oh, you've never heard of me?
Hmm, that sounds absurd to me
The way you stole my attention was flat out burgulary
What do you say let's exit stage left so me and you can
Possibly reconvene and play some naked peekaboo
Cause after all the blouse you're wearing is kinda see through
And it's obvious I'm heading wherever you're leading me too
Such an angel with a devilish angle
I'm quite the certified sweet talker
And you're buying every line of it girl
And I don't really blame you
If I was in your shoes I'd probably do the same too


We have to take our clothes off
(So sexy)
We have to party all night
It's alright
And we have to take our clothes off
To have a good time
Oh no no no


Now here's another bar, I'm coming for the slow gunners
Put your helmets on and take a seat on the short bus
Next stop, right around the corner from your mom and 'em
No turning back so you better buckle up
Shit, don't be concerned with mine
I feel like a Speak and Spell way I got you learning my lines
Fine, pull the string, replay that shit
I change my name to "Did He Really Just Say That Shit?"
Yep
I'll take a mile if you let me
6-5, 200 plus and so sexy
My legs going numb for keeping my phone on vibrate
To hide the fact your girlfriend keeps textin' me
And I've been tryin' to never mind it man
But every time I get a new number, she finds it damn
And you thought you had it sewn up
Until right around amazing o'clock when I showed up


We have to take our clothes off
(So sexy)
We have to party all night
It's alright
And we have to take our clothes off
To have a good time
Oh no no no

Got chicks, all hot chicks
And you rock chicks, datin' hip hop chicks
Slim chicks, round chicks
Black, white, yellow, and brown chicks
Got chicks, all hot chicks
And you rock chicks, datin' hip hop chicks
Slim chicks, round chicks
Black, white, yellow, and brown chicks


Good god girl, you're giving me goosebumps
Standing there in your underwear and new pumps
It's like the more time we waste and less time I get to taste you
Honestly I could easily replace you
It's not a scam girl
That's how I am girl
Peter Pan, I'm a sucker for Smucker's jam girl
It's clear I'm only here for good clean fun
Shut up and kiss me like the antidote's under my tongue
Whoa


We have to take our clothes off
We have to party all night
It's alright
And we have to take our clothes off
To have a good time
Oh no no no
We have to take our clothes off
(So sexy)
We have to party all night
It's alright
And we have to take our clothes off
To have a good time
Oh no no no

Got chicks, all hot chicks
Indie rock chicks, and hip hop chicks
Slim chicks, round chicks
Black, white, yellow, and brown chicks
Got chicks, all hot chicks
Indie rock chicks, and hip hop chicks
Slim chicks, round chicks
Black, white, yellow, and brown chicks
Damn





My name is Knuckles nigga
Niggas call me Knuckles straight up
Yeah, My real name is Clyde man
Straight up and down man
Clyde Smith, nigga, I'm from the Wally Era, nigga
Straight up, and all my big niggas know
All my niggas that did all that time?
They know how I get down
When I come in, I come in
Straight up, P.O.'s all those niggas, salute me
They, listen man, straight up and down
Five boroughs and all that, I owns that, I owns that
And I'm a Staten Island, straight up
Niggas see that, niggas be like "Yo, let him thru"
That's a made nigga right there
And he gonna punch you in the mouth if you say somethin slick
You see these shits right here?
I'm a die with these on, dig?
Yeah, that's right
And I'm a be up here in a minute
And I ain't goin no where
And I'm usin' that phone, and I'm have my little snacks and all that with me
And I dare a nigga to go in my locker
Because yo I'm not playin wit ya niggas man
I'm tellin, you
If you want some ask me for it
And if I like you like that
I'm a hold you down
Whether you think you gon try to on me, that Tom & Jerry shit on me
And have my fingers smashed on the ceiling
Never, never duke
I'm tellin you, I'm a snatch you up there
I'm a snatch you out that little Iceberg t-shirt you got on and that little platinum bullshit ass chain you got
Straight up, and your haircut game is fucked up
I too tired of niggas
Them niggas who do dat to that nigga
Straight up, yo that nigga 50 Cent?
That's yo, I don't even know why he try to do that little dumb ass shit
Right there
But I'm a tell you somethin
You could say all them other niggas name
But niggas, niggas gon see them based on that big daddy
I know why they ain't bark on you
Cuz they ain't try to let your new broke ass trying to come out in the game
And act like they lettin you live off they scruff
Ok, you ain't even that big, dig?
And if I see you up in here
I'm a have about 500 wolves on you
And that's *kiss* that's gonna get everything, duke
You just fucked up, you fucked up bad
I don't even know man
Matter fact, I'm a kick you in ya ass and all that shit
Gon take ya little watch and all that
You know?
But yo like I said 50, you a bird and niggas gonna see you
Faggot ass nigga



Yo, yeah bitch
Aiyyo, motherfucker
Aiyyo, swallow it


Aiyyo we dazzle off this bloody version of Glaciers
Slang shot threw a gem in his mouth, swallowed his razor (wsssht)
Say no more, my back be parked against the wall
Trooper square holding, 'Face don't give a fuck about the law
Take off the bracelets, don't get blinded by the ice Boo
It's not cool, Veronica slept, plus the decimal
Look at my jumper logo look familiar? It's Power (Where is he?)
Yo every fine stitch knocks an inch off Eddie Bauer
Gucci sneaker rockin' just another form of 'Chessboxin'
No cock-blockin', Supreme Clientele, till I'm droppin'
Kangol slanted, Ghost'll ran with a hippie ho now
Club bandit never empty-handed when I brand it
Mork calling Orson, Mork callin Orson down in Boston
Both of them dead, cop in the loft and
Big chain swingin nigga, Matchbox car drivin
Street whylin, Role' with the four-finger glidin
Watch him, scorchin with spells and top toxin
Amoxicillin stock skyrocket, Bobby Mocassin
Switched from Pert Plus, escrow on the side throw in Sun trust
Ghost'll keep shinin til the sun bust
Yo word up, Born'll be right behind the curtain with the nose out
Sixty Second get the Rover out
Featherhead heathens, teethin' on mic dicks
When thy said, "Let the kids die for your bread nigga!"

Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out
'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?'
Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin at
Allah's best, puttin on the hits is no contest
NOW, who the hypest in New York City?
WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin on me!

"I got fifty men out in the street
Now if they all get bitch troubles I starve
Is that it? Is that what you're tryin to tell me?"
--] Superfly


Aiyyo, the moccasin money, one man behind the plate
Hold it down honey-shallah rock the half man Gumby
Twisted, the mime of the floods, niggas spell drama
One oh five point six llama
Cosmetic classical, slum is shield, Milagro Beanfield
Watch me heal half of you, new attributes
Teletronics, DBX, one sixty X
Compression with the A and sharp press
Extract bass in which the gooey dew drips, vanilla suckle
With jasmine bits, five hundred rap battin average
One taste the bowl and blow up magic, Houdini escapes
From the fermenting hell halls of tragic
Speaking to the First of April's, deep in the rap game
I'm racial, Excedrin head bredrens catch facials
Side orders, one telephone for take out
Stomp your man half to death rob him then we break out
Get off on the Clove Exit, knees dirty, chick kneel
With low leverage, watch it how she lick the head of it
Cause it's law, order today, we pay dues
New Tomorrow's, Rubik's Cube money in a tube
Deck the Halls, crush celery dice that's Cinderella ball
Hey y'all Peppermint Pattie's, slum my Peter Paul
Wrangler, straight laid the track when it's sag
With one banger, interlude loop caused me to hang up
Ticklish, Crunchberry niggas at the flicks pissed off
Standin in the rain and can't find they whips
Suckers! Motherfucker!

Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out
'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?'
Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin' at
Allah's best, puttin' on the hits is no contest
NOW, who the hypest in New York City?
WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin' on me!





Raindrops of water that turn into hard glaciers
Bob barker microphones I get paper
My block is cocaine central
Eat your food with ancient or new crew utensils
Turbaned up like a royal prince from medeen
With emerald green birthstones in my bling
Rolex goggles
Some of my best side bitches I ever had
I kept in a bottle
Sniff that girl whiff that girl
Feel a rush from cuba no cut that's pearl
An oily based extract from green leaves
Set out to dry but comes right from the heat
Packaged up then retailed on the street
Yonkers all through brownsville that's sheek's
With my connect I may be the next steve jobs
My best custies is nerds with college degrees god
Triple black ratchets champion cone hoods
Blending in with killers that visit the wrong hood
Pardon self never the wrong hood I'm safe
And I ain't gotta knock on wood



Cocaine central
Sniff city needle park
Fishscale mental
Hustle get the weed to spark
Niggas outside all day even after dark
Niggas hustle hard
Like the Gods don't believe in God

Repeat



I got uh
Coke in my blood weed in my lungs
Barely staying up
About to get some fried chicken from Wong's
She laying there
Ass all fat in her thongs
Hand me my gun
Shades on blocking the sun
Whip fresh out the dealer think tonite gone be fun
Coke connect already calling
I told him I'll take him but
We can do better when his prices start falling
Nowadays I feel there's no need to be greed
Cause you can make the same money off of pills and weed
Shooters indeed jail system taught him to read
Streets taught him how to kill wolves taught him to feed
Just like everything you learn you're gonna teach to your seed yo
But I don't give a fuck
I clap off try me nigga
Keep that feather weight by me nigga yeah






Yeah Agent Burke here
(Check this shit out, nigga, I got a bust for you
Some major niggas from New York, slinging rocks over here, majorly)
Where they at? Get that gun, where them matches at, come on!


Cocaine trafficking, your boy's back again
Moving bricks like I got a degree in scaffolding
Fucking with some cats from Newark, half of them Jewish
Cool white boys riding around, blasting my music
And I'm taxin' them like Jackson-Hewitt, make sure them packs is moving
We out in Baltimore, the home of the Bruins
Up top the cops raiding my spot, my product got ruined
Drug case pending, but my lawyer is suing
Cuz them faggots put my arm in a tussle, let me start in the scuffle
Son, they tried to put the God in a duffle
But them boys can't knock the hustle, like Hov' said
We expose fed, nigga, just give me the code red
They say a close mouth don't get fed, well that's a lie
Cuz them faggots who be snitching on niggas, they sure to die
You don't want to wake up, with your seed in a cradle missing
Sweating bullets hearing wheels peel off from Mercedes engines


Aiyo, these blocks ain't big enough for all of us to eat
These corners is mines, so evil bow down or go to sleep
It's like jail, in order to live, you gotta earn your keep
Prepare for the shakedown, new law and order on the street


Yeah I write raps, but I sling crack for a living
Punk, anywhere, I ain't gotta ask for permission
Trife Dies', know the fiends can't miss him
Everyday on the shift, like transmission, making them transitions
From New York to Great Britain, Upstate to San Quentin
Every corner, every block, from Broad Street to Van Sithlin
The grand picture, haul ass when them vans blitz in
Watch for police, the word on the street is your man's snitching
I'm rider like Pac, ain't no stopping my ambitions
Getting money, twenty four seven, bredren, my hand's itching
Got me looking through the eye of the scope, and real killas move smooth
With a quiet approach, silencers on the tools when they fire the toast
And if you ain't dead or in jail, then why the hell you crying you broke
I tell a bitch, let me slide in your throat
And have her gnawning on my head like she high off of dope, get it? good




Uh, uh, uh, uh
Theodore, nigga..




We do have to fear him, the Shaolin faces a crisis
And one of the factors will be the Wu-Tang Clan
I just wish he was there... (damn)
So we must all be prepared


Them niggas over there, man (whooooa)
Feds been on them niggas all fucking year, son (What I'm gonna do)
(When it's cold outside) Look the nigga's in a bag right now (Haaaaaa haaaaa)
They zipping a nigga off, son (How how... oh oh oh)
Right... (It's cold.... oh oh oh oh oh oh)


When it's cold outside, and the rain turn to ice
When it's cold outside, and the rain turn to ice


Said mama's out here flipping out, shots just going off
Somebody laid out, little kids smoking weed
Drive by's, every day wondered what's going on
Me outside with my motherfucking AK
Ohhh ohhhh... what I'm gonna do when it's cold outside...
Hoowww howwww... ohhh ohhh... it's cold... hey...


Religious with hammers, fakes get jammed up
Cakes get battered, coming through to get it, them transactions
Blood stinking fiends, machine guns, cannons and teams
Baking sodas, gold Rovers and gophers
Land in every project, sex, lies, murderous reps
Back to cassettes, vets dying on steps
What's really taking place in them hoods?
Heads get clapped for trap, don't fuck with my mind, I'm strapped
Off with ya dome for fronting on me
Last two L's, I seen visions of dead male and more sales
Real life stories is made, and candles got blazed
For little young soldiers shot by them strays
Pigeons and goons surviving in prisons
Cause divisions, they separating, laying cacoons
And they can't wait to come home soon
While bodies get found in lobbies, chopped up, decaying in rooms


They found a two year old, strangled to death
With a "Love Daddy" shirt on in a bag on the top of the steps
Police blowing niggas, NARCs and judges
Me and son had beef, I had to merc him, we supposed to be brothers
Cause he came home fronting, feeling like that I owe him something
Cause I'm getting money, drive a little something something
Renee got AIDS, with five kids smoked out
House is brick, bills haven't been paid in days
A Brooklyn man's a molestor, court case and the crime's raising
Swastikas on the church, they Satan
Holiday season is here and I'm vexed
Who the fuck made Christmas up? I'm fucking broke, it ain't making no sense
Newports are $7.50, a box of Huggies is off the meat rack
She's back, thirty days, she relapsed
Our troops need to leave Iraq
And rap niggas need to go on strike so we can get more cash
Cause...








Aiyyo, make sure y'all turn that water down
What y'all watchin over there?
Is that the Honeymooner marathon?
That shit been on all night right?
Alright

I smell the coke cookin, Dr. Glove with the eagle in the safe
Woodrow the Basehead I surprised him with the first taste
He reached for his pipe, pulled his sleeves up
Told him it was no cut to be careful, he took a hit, Woodrow damn you
His head hit the table, a few rocks fell out his pipe
He's bleedin fatal, he smell like it's so ripe
Told Trife to get him some ice, Raekwon keep your eye on his wife
Tell her to chill, feed her some white
I heard a knock three times, nervous me dropped the raw
Ol' Dirty dropped his drawer, he put his fronts back
And snatched up his coke napkin, with dick snots hangin from his nose
Had Woodrow bitch on the floor laughin
Goodness gracious, Tony gosh
Put away the Frosted Flakes, you're killin us
The residue from the last batch we all was straight
Got my son ten spent five, stayed in the house look I lost weight

See that was Crime at the door, he got mad
And I don't give a fuck what he got
Niggas can't keep comin up here, this the spot

Aiyyo Crime you know the spot be bumpin, pardon me
Plus I'm paranoid, and you know the narcs be huntin
Niggas probably think that Starks be frontin
Cause I spazzed out, rolled up in the stashhouse and barked on Justin
Had to size him up for bein on point, stuck now he's fucked
Told him play the window, keep your eyes on that Verizon truck
Every fiend that walk through the door, check if he wired up
No shorts, only give him a play if he buy enough
Cop ten, hit him off with a brand new stem
Our shit is mad potent, one hit they coughin up phlegm
Make sure you get that hundred beans from Pam
She popped shit in front of you daddy? Bet we gon' lace her old man
He came through sellin his TV's
X-Box and PlayStation 3, all we wanted was three
Big Frankenstein holdin his MB's
Socks hangin out, followin me
I'm tryin to hide from the D's, nigga




I mean yeah, nigga! It's feeding time!
It's getting warm outside, these niggas, like to put they earrings in, and pull they chains out and shit
(Put the bibs on these niggas!) Let's go!


Nah, you don't roll enough
Louis duffle bag don't hold enough
Drinking the brown liquor for both of us
Rose on table, Jesus head with the cable
Gun shots is fatal, my bars is prenatal
I kill little niggas, up close, peel little niggas
We the hottest out, still, little niggas
I'm better in my prime
Spitting harder, looking better than ya'll little niggas
And I done been here a dime
Your opinion didn't matter since Big heard me rhyme
Little nigga and Puff, or caught a spot with a nine
Hand all sticky, my tires is all Mickey
She kissing on my neck, I'm too black for a hickey
I'm still down with Kobe, got a feeling he could make it
If Miami and Oklahoma don't take it
Your face found up, like I won't come there and break it
Jake the Snake and hatchet, can't Crystal Lake it


Most of my goons is bow-legged, bald head niggas
From Syracuse, four-fifths, gold plated
Doing lines off coffee tables in the Waldorf
Nose red, walk into to the bathroom, door off
My man said I went raw last night
Heard I slid up in a whore last night
Still saucy, I plead the fifth, six G's I sniffed
If I sneeze, the left side of my nose might rip
Dark skin, hunchback killing machines
You eat seal meat, dick stay up for a fucking week
Attending brutal rap battles in Zaire
I heard "Toney, Boombaye!" from the crowd, yeah
My man head ice, luck smooth right there
Blood diamonds sitting real chunky in my right ear
Killas, skin your ass with no contracts
And little niggas got nowhere to hide but the projects


I just woke up, I got money on my mind
Grab my nine from underneath the bed
I put my vest on, smoke something
Cock my gun back, make sure it's filled up with lead
I'm coming for your head, I'm coming for your head
I'm coming for your head, yup, yup
I'm coming for your head, I'm coming for your head
I'm coming for your head, yeah


Ralph Ellison, invisible man, vanishing
Come back like Arizona Ron, speaking Spanish
And you're panicking, oughta stay still like a mannequin
Dark side like Darth, yeah, young Anakin
Skywalker, fly talker, rhyme even better though
Salute them niggas that died, those with a federal
Charge yo, Incarcerated Scarface, yard flow
Polo overalls, short set, son of Mars, though
Probably in the crib, getting high, watching Fargo
A lady cop and some hit men
I quarterback the coke like Big Ben
To a bunch of a dirty niggas like Pig Pen
No Charlie Brown, though, pump in the pound, though
Coming for your head, I run your ass out of town, yo
This is Sheek Louch, Ghostface Killah
And the other Ghost, you can fuck around and get your mother poked


Bees wax all in the spinners, most of my killas is winners
Hiding in Stevie glasses in Venice
Blast first, drop the burner and burst
Burgundy blood, fell out the thug, he got trapped by a team curse
I'm more relentless, aiming a strap, from off the benches
Hit you from right field, intensely
Your money ain't long, your money is gone
Your money mine now, homeboy, now run to your moms
Sorry gangstas get thrown in the hole
We chilling in the Trump Towers, onions and soul
Let's roll, cuz when the clock hit, my niggas'll bowl
It's like dice, nigga, open the hole
Fisters on the get go, silk shirts, this is how the click roll
Strong hammers, doofy like Klitschko
And where your bitch go?
Surrounded by the rich, yo
Power mitts and bricks, yo, what






Bare with me, don't turn against me
What I mean is that I'm caught up in the Conflict of Love
Bare with me, don't turn against me
I'm just a baller, some call it the life of a thug


Yo, yo, aiyo, I play the block like I'm homeless
Bold in the the fourth corners, strong, I think I'm in the zone bitch
I might embarass you, want me out my character
Mommy I ain't mad at ya, you said I'm too gangster
Yo understand why I do what I do
Understand why I move when I move
Could of had anybody in this world but I'm fuckin' with you
Ma' respect how I hustle and move
Listen shorty it's simple, "I don't love you, I like you
I don't wanna fuck you or pipe you and I don't wanna wife you
I got a wife at home, and if she find out
A nigga fouled up shorty she gon' wild out
She liable to flip, liable to punch holes in the whip
Take me to court, sue me for half my shit
And listen shorty I don't need the drama
Slay be the king at that", who be the King of Rap?
I guess we soon to see

Chorus


Before I start it let me pop my collar
If you ain't feelin' how I move baby dial 1-800 then holler
I'll chill for a minute, get morge for my music
Write more initially, blow as I intended
I lace you with a bank account Bill Gated up
Drop wallets in that Cuban shit, raise it up
Ghost Ben Javer, Toney Starks stayed
Still it's not enough for all the love I gave
And all the bitches that be fiendin'
The meanin' is crawl right between 'em
Do nasty things, be mean to 'em, without even G'en them
I asked the father to forgive me, right before I put the key in him
And now I feel guilty, it's only you and that's why I feel guilty
My Clan be tellin' me that you gon' kill me
Fuck it, I'll buy you a fur, feel me?

Chorus


Remember this very night you said "hold on"
Hold on, hold on
Straighten up your face, don't turn the other way
Be strong heyaayayaayay


Yo, hey you'se a snotty little arrogant bitch, ain't you?
Relax big head I'm not Bird Man, lower that, thank you
I'm money, the ring that I copped you was to spot you yo
I'm helpin' your mother, just chill out, I got you
You could say "life is a hoax", picture me fallin' back bein' broke
I'd rather be woke, and I'd rather be buyin' a boat
Livin' like two rich African people flyin' in dope
Now if money gon' get us in trouble
You better chill out now, and have you a drink and order me a double
And I'm still gonna look out
And you can walk on the 95, frontin' with your cheap pocket book out
Break out

Chorus




Yeah, yeah (what up, what up, what up) What is it, nigga? {Let me get a sip of that}
(It's that dark right here, you dont want none of this, light that) That's that super black, nigga
(What's good, though, fam?) {Aiyo, turn that tv up} (Come on, man, you right there)
{Martin is on, right now, Martin on} (You got the remote) {We need new batteries for that remote, though}
(Ah man) {Yeah} (Aiyo, talk to them, Starks)


Henny bottles everywhere, smelling like 'yac
Bagging crack, sitting in the kitchen, wearing my mask
Robe on, tailored made in Italy, new Gucci denim
One slipper on, Brookstone, cushion
In the barn, number seven, hugging my neck, yo, Kiss, yo, Rae
Tell that yellow bitch I got next
She fucking with robbers, don't wanna hear her pussy sore like Tasha's, this is Starkers
Crumbs hitting the floor, fiends clicking they bic lighters
With Garfield eyeballs, pulling them all nighters
Give me fifty push ups, give ya'll a little piece
Faggots did a dime, niggas too weak
For fun, shove a Suzy Q in they face
Let 'em smoke a rock with cake on they head in the gate
He might die with a stem on him
Who give a fuck, I'm Larenz Tate on 'em


Crack spot stories, he put a kilo in the pan
I was about to break his hand until it came back tan
He dancing around the stove, Starks chilling in his rob
My hard knock life, I could of wrote that for Hov'
Shorty, give me a ginger ale and dutch masters
Matter fact, hand me the phone I'm bout to order Casper's
Fiends at the door, I'm too lazy to let 'em in
Turkey sandwich, barbecue chips, ESPN
Sitting on the couch, I'm just trynna do the match
She got ten polo shirts, all she asking for is half
Today was a good day, no one got shot
No police or none of that, that's how it is in our spot, yeah


Pyrex boys fronting in Rolls Royce's
I'm on the iPhone, leg back, examining choices
Two types of coke, we in the bathroom, voting
We like 'take it', helicopter waiting, we boating, yo
Gangstas to the death of it, humbling villains
A good hand chemist in twenty minutes, cake up and finish
This for the hallways, the long days, me and my whore, bagging up
Shorty more razors and bring out the four aces
Sit back, laughing with a stack and a clapper
She spray up everything, we paying Pataki
Drug house with no work there, the worst fear is never the thirst, yea
But set up for to the first of the thirty first, disperse, yeah
Beef, what, bring me a burger, ya
The flame broilers jump out, one to your first beer
So take that, over there
Everything, everything, just stay out of max clear


We got the trays up in 6E, that's usually where the God be
Me, Kay and J-Bop, Cali J, and Rod Lee
Bread clocking, all night, the heads knocking
No feds, just Kevin Tighe or west watching
Bagging up at the table, while we chit chat
Past the Phillie, wash your hands 'fore you hit that
Young niggas getting it, everybody G'd up
Other niggas only made sales when we read up
Motorola flip, burn out in the beeper
White Katie and Rhonda, Stacey and Shaniqua
Yeah, cocaine, weed and forties
That's when I was a shorty, crack spot stories

To Allah be the glory




Gucci black banana boat, got bananarama blow
(Yeah what that mean?) That means I got a lot of coke
Patron with chicka pro, PackofRats, he's a pro
You was just a so and so, nigga, nobody know
Just a local zero, nobody's hero
No Body's Child please knock this nigga out
Rap niggas we hit 'em like we Kimbo
And they kinfolk, yo homey get so simple
Crambodia Romeo, it's a rodeo
Roll 'em up, these SoCo ass, seven hundred club like
Oh-e-oh-e-oh-e-oh-e-oh, ali-ali-ali-free
Plus we loving weed, can't seem to get enough of thee
P Little, we wear it well like El DeBarge
Yo, homey, you call those crews a squad?
Go home, go home, come back tomorrow when you got the dope hook-up, push it


Niggas ain't fit it, no shame, the name shit it
It's J-O-N rain on 'em, or it's pimp, man, the same kid's
Sleeping in the club, I snuck in the back way
Took a nap, all you muthafuckas get the gas face
So grab the ashtray, I'm bout to celebrate
It's Saturday, and I'm not dead or celebate
On an elephant, holding my dick in quicksand
Man, that Crambodia, will grab a hold of you quick
And never let go, stomp your face like a death show
It's a different world, Dwayne Wayne's got the best blow
And dress clothes by Espo on the best for
Like Flight 93, yo let's roll, Spank Rock in the headphones
Coke and wet, yo wet and coke
I'll do it til I'm fifty and broke, for a 20 and smoke
It's plenty dope, anybody wanna know about it
Tell 'em ask bombadillo, he'll show him about it


I'm the first lady up, acid wise and decks
Like Texas sex, ya'll muthafuckas think rock can't jive
And dress up fans, kick stands and fake tans
Bubblegum a little tongue, I put a strap on for my man
I'm alright, nor can I block on fake nails and fucking
How this bitch get the remix, which electronic's dick she sucking
One said don't know nothing, always bitching about something
Laugh my ass off to the bank, ya'll can keep on fronting
Thinking I don't know my place, like yo this little girl's bugging
Said she save her old face for Ghostface, his loving
I'm that chicken, I'm the shit, I'm getting too big for my britches
B-I-G-G-E-S-T, C-U-N-T of all the bitches
B-I-G-G-E-S-T, C-U-N-T of all the bitches
This pussy's powerful like whoa, I'm gon' wake up Tommy Lee
The way the metal has these strippers all over me
I roll with L-I-T-T-L-E Plastic
We writes classic rhymes for all the bad kids
And all the crazy ladies, for derelict men like Kool Ken
I fucking kick out my bed
No for real, son, get the fuck out my bed


This slang baby, come si dice, and make it look it easy
I'm breaking noise, popping PCPs, so roll the greasy
Roll us, scuff our tennis up, they flee the G's
From Philly, electronic babies they took over your city
Put it down, back and downtown, no one your LES
All off a booger suga mama, with a PackofRats
I raise a bar, push the highlight smoke
Then these art faggy niggas run up and got Ghost
Sucka nigga pop star, we just lick G
First to look freaky, sheek and skinny jeans
Seen reading magazine, push looking in
Never on it, the Brooklyn accents, authentic back shit, bitch


It's bulletproof round three, pull out my pee-pee
And pee-pee pon your front teeth
Offer you a sweet G and be about my business
These underground rap niggas sound so leaky
And I'm rapped ziplock, without the jock strap
That's balls to the wall, dog, drag race rap
Huh, you niggas doing laps
Like dogs in the park looking for a Scooby snack
Getting nowhere fast, so sick, oooh ooh sit
And be a good bitch, it's the fungus prince of wonderland
Dipping in a Brandywine man of more
Floating on my back blowing purple smoke
Looking way iller than your neighborhood crip again
Filling it, til ya papa and your mama got that feeling again
And we dancing on a ceiling
Crooklyn, up to buck it, niggas momma having fun in your house
While you out buying something for your kids to eat
We cat or Maury thugging these bitches and they sticking to my cock and pause it
Crooklyn, up to buck it, niggas momma having fun in your house
While you out buying something for your kids to eat
We cat or Maury thugging these bitches and they sticking to my cock and pause it


Yo, sit back and watch me gleam like OxyClean
Getting six sick bitches but the drop is mean
Draped in furs and lenin, hard denim, the God's winning
Looking fresh to death like John Lennon
The waves spinning, dark Gucci frames, cover my grill
Catch me in the tabloids, feeling sharp as a quill
My neck is heavy, my wrist got a mind of it's own
Take a look and get blinded by the size of this stone
Diamonds is flawless, son, I'm like the stars in orbit
Historic imported jewels, that's the reason I brought it
Black bubble beam, lay back and buckle in
Keep money stacks that overlap like double chins
I, guzzle gin, go back and double twins
Told her friends, that a late nigga's for a couple innings
This is Theodore, make no mistakes about it
We buy the bar out, even when the shit ain't crowded






What that nigga want, God?
Word up, look out for the cops though
Wu-Tang five finger shit
Cash rules-
Word up, two for fives over here, baby
Word up, two for fives, niggas got garbage down the way, word up, know what I'm sayin'?
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M. get-
Yeah, check this old fly shit out, word up
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M.
Get the money, dollar dollar bill, y'all
Take you on a natural joint
Here we here we go, check this shit, yo


I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive
Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I be gettin' the G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this, son
Rollin' with this one and that one
Pullin' out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen who was a fiend
Started smokin' woolas at 16
And runnin' up in gates, and doin' hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Stickin' up white boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
Catchin' keys from 'cross seas
Rollin' in MPV's, every week we made forty G's
Yo, nigga, respect mine, or here go the TEC-9
Ch-chick-POW! Move from the gate now!


Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all


It's been twenty-two long hard years, I'm still strugglin'
Survival got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
Tryin' to get a clutch at what I could not
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
Handcuffed in the back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turned I learned life is hell
Livin' in the world no different from a cell
Every day I escape from Jakes givin' chase
Sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask: what's it worth?
Ready to give up so I seek the old Earth
Who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stick-up kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks
And stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be livin' proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
And ain't tryin' to hear what I'm kickin' in his ear
Neglected for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic


Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all


Niggas got to do what they got to do
To get through, know what I'm sayin'?
Because you can't just get by no more
Word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down


Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all




Word up, word up
New shit.. Raekwon.. Ghostface
(Eh-yo, eh-yo, eh-yo..)
CREAM.. 2001
(Who you? Who you?)
Fetch out.. my nigga RZA
(Yea.. yea.. yea..)
WHAAAAAAAT?


That's right..
My nigga Clueminatti fuckin wit the intro, to murder somebody
We cheque-cash niggas wit four fingers on 'em
Callin the Lord, "Help me!", that's us
Thrustin through ya hood wit the dust (HOOOOO!)
Lord have mercy, niggas look thirsty, yo
End the swine, meet the inventor, plus the winter
It's mine, gasoline jump, just spiked gloves, nines
Watch my wave push, one chain faded out
Racin to Spain, half a million dollars in Boyd
Willy Aims, slap bop top of ya Glocks, plus black Reebox
Rockin real nigga shit, callin me Pops
Golden pro', kitchen designer shit
Chinchilla blankets, H. Winston anklets on
Drug dealer banquets, hands out, fire when we spit (Haha)
The position is lit, drop fifty out a blimp
Roast ya ornaments, Super Bowl ring on each finger
Gettin fly, might linger, those of you ride
So let the lye sprinkle yo


Yo we put together like CREAM
Matter of fact like a Jamaican team
Sprangler stats, hatin like Mitch Green
Off the wall auction that dumb out
(We organize exortions)
Burn niggas labels down, frostin 'em


Eh-yo, how you like two Ac's?
Max in the trunk, lookin real dumb
Eighty-eight paper and our nose is numb
Prayed over Marvin Gaye's grave
He said Ghost, "Pop merked me at an early age
Hit Diana back in the days"
Them Supreme bitches all on my dick
Loved the way I sung the Cherells
"Mercy, mercy, son", made 'em cum
I wrote songs for the people
Verses that'll make Nixon resign
You can do the same thing with rhymes
"I swear Ghost is doobie, just imagine"
Check out what I started
Who's the first to rock 'fros with out a part in it?
Featherhats partin it, Gladys was the baddest, she wore a six
Pretty-ass foot with an arch in it
Big cars, slammin eight-tracks, slammin tracks
King died in sixty-five, Motown cried
Saw a tear drop from Stevie's eyes
Fogged out glasses
The plan was to bring together all the masses




DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
Fetch out.. Rip Right
Loud Records, Steve Rifkin, Epic
CLUE!


Money Mohammed Ali niggas who keep clean sneakers on
Beef and take niggas eats, streets brought all my features
Temped to clog bed rallies, imagine only seventeen wildin
Who spent thousand on 'em Ballies?
Now I'm just lampin, just stylin out in Cali
Actin like raw is the mission, mission is to slap 'em
Bang jars, movin in psalms, manipulatin my accountant
Relaxin like.. blacks get jobs
Slangin in bangles y'all, chillin from all angles
Don rock more thank you's, gettin my shit washed
Elevator music, Rolex doors with thirty-seven whores
Countin the paper, takin y'all to walls




DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
The Professional, Pt. 2
Stupid! Fetch out.. Dame Dash
My nigga Jigga, Big Harper
You know how we do things, word up



(I told you a long time ago you fucking little monkey not to fuck me
(Hey hey, who the fuck you think you talking to huh??!)
(Who the fuck you think I am your fucking bellboy?)
(You wanna go to war?.... Wanna go to war, OK?)


Coming up on half a mil, we build
Get real y'all, taking you on another one Son
Uhh, Julio Iglesias
Making CREAM like that nigga


Yo, first of all son, peep the arson
Many brothers I be sparking and busting mad light inside the dark
Call me dough snatcher, just the brother for the rapture
I hang glide, holding on strong, hard to capture
Extravagant, RZA bake the track and it's militant
Then I react, like a convict, and start killing shit
It's manifested, the Gods work like appliances
Dealing in my cypher I revolve around sciences
The 9th chamber, leave you trapped inside my hallway
You try to flee but you got smoked up by the doorway
No question, I send your ass back, right to the essence
Your whole frame is smothered in dirt, now how you resting
While I'll be trapped by sounds, locked behind loops
Throwing niggas off airplanes cause cash rules
Everything around me, black, as you can see
Swallow this murder one verse like God Degree
Then analyze my soundtrack for satisfaction
You adapt like a flashback chain reaction
(Lace them niggas, son)


AK's black bust back like seventy Macs
I'm all that, street niggas knowing my steez black
Ron G, you know he coincide with me, see,
Marvelous menace for society
But anyway, let's toast, champagne thoughts with Ghost
I max the most shotguns through the nose
Fuck rap, hip hop put me on top
'Lo wears, and Tommy Hil fly shit with a knot
The witty unpredictable live shit, drive by shit
Do or die shit, I'll take your lye and shit
And then you know, I'm running through the penal, foul
Four-toothed child was wild
The old lady snitched, but fuck it, you know it, one love kid
No I'm not doing a bid
Too much to get for what cause six niggas got stuck
And the nigga chain was truck
Yo fuck that, Criminology rap
Sneakers stay jet black floating in the flyest Ac'
Nigga... bring it! Yeah


Much love go to New York City
All my Tommy Hil' ice rocking niggas




What you think I'm a fucking worm like you?
I told you, man, I told you, don't fuck with me
I told you, no fucking kids, no, but you wouldn't listen
Well, you stupid fuck, look at you now {Ya'll already know!}
(For real, ya'll, back behind the wall again) {yeah, you know what it is}
(You know what it do, '09 style this time) {It's time to go in now, ya'll}
(For real, making CREAM again, nigga... BLAOW!) {you already know, it's crunch time}


First of all, black park it, guns, we spark it
Hit you in the back of your dome, from far, kid
Dice kickers, gun clickers, run up in the bank for ones, quick
The drug dealer niggas, we flip 'em
Polo rugbies, flags on my hats, you love these
Knockout artists are one-piece
Fly in a foreign, all my money ties is tied-up
I'd rather sell coke, no bargain
Tough like a Hummer, fly like a Maybach
Spot runner, clap you in a gun shop, one up
Fuck about police, we Park Hillians with gold geese
And everyday's a Sunday Easter
Cousins in Gaza, the new improved Shottas
Stretched out, mink on the floor, you hassa
We run through with turbans, diamonded up chain with boots on
Mori umbrellas in Tucson
Rhyming is a color, the lifestyle is live, my fly brothers
Something go wrong, we slug something


Chill my nigga, chill (I got this, I got this)
Make sure you handle that beat, you know what time it is
Body that beat, man, come on (Yeah)


You can catch me anywhere, frost bitten chain
Bad dame, a thousand grams in Delaware
The smokeshop's is owls, laid back, hanging niggas to death
Word, you can call us coat racks
With 'giants' all around me like, Eli Manning
The bitch is on the block like, he died scrambling
Cuz L frames is crack, popped out, nina one of his eyes
Can't come back home, they locked out
All he did was re-up, hustle for kick money
Kept Beez all around him, thinking he shit honey
Bow, I'm into bobsleds, wasting large bread
Gucci helmet is blue, trim in his dark red
The rap TJ Swan, it's me Ason
If he don't spin my shit, break the DJ arm
And glide off like an escapade, renegade on ice
Lemonade Clark, the haze is nice
The Goldielocks, rocks sapphire, chain is right
Bitch niggas, ya'll watch what ya'll say in ya mics, suckas


Aiyo, Rae, aiyo, Rae, check it out, yo
Let me go in there one more time and air these niggas out
For old times sake, you know how we do, my nig'
Old times sake, just for me, man, one more time, I'm begging you
Let me just go in, and just fly on these niggas heads, man
It's what I'm talking about


It's like a body in a project hallway, who did it?
Who's the next nigga that sucked the snit-ich
That's my word, it could never be me
You see the deer head on the living room wall, like his neck fell off
That can be all sculptured and glazed with gloss
Call the shots that Bill Belichick would call
Snake niggas slither all in the glass house, racial slurs
When it's time to go to war, they cash out
Throw 'em in the rear-naked choke, they tap out
Niggas try to surround the kid, I backed out
And threw two rocks at 'em, watching the ho drop
I'm from a place where we locking the low Glocks
Yellowtape, the bodies, jiggy and road blocks
Got the towels up in the air, it's so hot
Talking bout Staten Island, profiling
Switchblade city, the goons is wilding
Escape from my slums, nigga, you got talent
And we don't want the fifth of 'yac, we want the gallon


What you think I'm a fucking worm like you?
I told you, man ---


Vacate black, bust gats, wherever we at
You all that, hit 'em in the chest, we fall back
I got mines, nigga, where yours at?
We call that, raw rap, got fiends in front of my door mat
That Witty Unpredictable fly shit, drive-by shit
These the niggas I ride with
And we gon' get cake, ya'll, as soon as this pie split
Smacking up the dry snitch, nigga, you my bitch
Somebody put Tical on, matter fact, put Tical on
One suuu, Staten Isle on 'em
I bank roll, I break codes, and I ain't trynna catch another case, case closed
Give me my crown, cuz I deserve it, real dudes giving me pounds
But not too close though, the semis'll round
Bitches, running they mouth, goons, running your gate
My team running the block, cops running my plates
Well fuck that, Criminology rap
Niggas hate, I hate back, floating in the flyest Maybach, nigga




(Yo, what up law, wassup, wassup baby? Talk to me)
Yo, Shorty yo, it ain't even like it's really, it's really, messing with me son
But it's messing with me, man, for real man
(Aight, but you know what? Don't even let it get to you
Like you told me, birds is birds
After you lovin 'em, they fly away, son)
They fly, yeah yeah, you're right, you're right
(KnowImean? It's like that man) Yeah
(Word up!)


One in the morning tryin to sneak in
Caught the weace and start beefin, I'm leavin
And leave, stop speakin yo, no static
Go get that shit up in the attic
That old shit look better, kept it so you have shit
The ice, take it off, no loss
Knew you was an Indian giver nigga
Besides, that's the way I floss, yea
I'm buggin now, actin like an old lady
It's real, a nigga got mines, she sleepin without pagin me


Baby, relax, sit back and chill (yeah)
Just give me a second
And let me tell you how I feel
Cause all around town you've been steppin' out
Runnin' your mouth about
What made you think I wouldn't find out?
Wasn't I there for you?
Truly cared for you
Maybe my love was just too good
Could've had it good, now the love is gone
And went back to your hood with the 54-11's on


Does he lace you with the finer things?
Does he make ya wanna scream his name?
Does he hit it from the front to back?
Did you let him break it down like that?
Should've told me the love was gone
Never thought that you'd do me wrong
Girl I though that your love was strong
Till I saw you with another man


No more shopping sprees
No more late night creeps
No more VIP's, no more dough
We can't even kick it no more


I saw you on the Ave' in the Nav'
In the backseat B's, spilling Henney in his lap
Thought it was me that you was all about
But I'm having doubts cause I see you tryna play me out
But when the brother called the crib with beef
Didn't I represent you when I caught him in the streets
So let me get the keys to Lex and no more checks
And no more hanging baguettes around your neck, babe






Uh-uh
You heard that
That's right
Yo, yeah, come on
And that's a no-no
Yeah, eh yo, eh yo, eh yo, eh yo


You met me with a big blow out
African bangel, left hand Gucci, ling braces on my ankle
At the shark bar we at Shaq shit
Ballplayer stats, 40 plus, son hit twenty-somethin baskets
Turn for a second, stop! Son caught my eye, yo 'vine!
Bet you out bag her on the first stop
Peace booby, love you beauty, rock yours truly
Ghostface and who is she? That's my girlfriend
I want you and your girl to grab me, Tonka's
Be careful boo, I got carrots on (Word!)
Carry on, so we stepped back to the bar
The disc jockey threw in the car
Toxi' seen me, so what time is it?
Your back was out, passin we bounced to the powder room
Beggin me, I fucked you for an hour in the room
And when we finished, you was on stuck
Jamal Arief came through, started dartin
And you jumped up in my man's truck




For real
Ghostface Killah, Ruff Endz
No doubt! Y'all know how we do




So ya puttin' all ya subs now, huh?
Yea, ya doin' real good?
Ain't you gonna introduce me to ya friend, here?
Well I'll introduce myself, excuse the glove

"Get ya shit beaten" - Prodigy of Mobb Deep (sample repeated)


Aww shit, these niggas out here, hold that
Picture that nigga, all the real niggas, yo, come on
Yea, word up, I look good right?
Yo, aiyo


Put my money on the real kings, reveal the rings
Rocks swing, stayin' bling-bling in Ossining
Jet mack packages, feast to light it up and beast it
Cordially invited, the motto is eat this..


Yo, what up, Lex? (What up son?) Yo it's on again
Yo, it seem like niggas want war again
If you ain't know, bet ya niggas heard of me now
Can't stop me, best bet, murder me now


Aiyo Lex, put ya diamonds on
Grab ya vests and ya nine, cuz it's on
I rep Harlem World where they hustle at
All the way to B.K. where they bust you at


Yo, yo, gun on 'em in the x-rays
Real niggas lay tired of it
Nigga violate it, cut him in the face
Vivid hand Glock, loopin' the dance, shoot him in the ass
Like cupid, dealin with an old place, stupid


Yo, yo, ain't a team allowed to know, fuckin' wit this
Niggas mad like I'm fuckin' they chick
See me stuck in the whip, gun in the hip, one in the head
Ten in the clip, niggas is dead, they imposters


I used to bubble dimes, in the goose, I use to cuddle nines
And double the fact that you dare think that you can trouble mines
Big guns is layin', Timothy McVeigh 'em
Broad day 'em, push 'em all the way in


Aiyo, dred's in the bloody rep
Yeah, yellow canary Lex', specs on, movin' like vets
Tri-boro, thoroughest thugs move like DeNiro
Heat out, extortin' the heroes, 4/5 singles


Aiyo let's go get dough
Bust slugs in the club, thugs get low
Bitches showin' me the thong like I'm Sisqo
Up in the six, yo, watch his wrist glow, damn, it be sick though
This be the shit though
You ain't know, got ya moms in the disco
Singin' the intro, shakin' the ass like the nympho
Time to move, nigga, we in, time to catch wins


For magical mixes, remix the hell outta the Bible
Like strip it and switch the whole title
Robes hit the floors, shoes is buffed
Gold studded bracelets, handcuffs, they gave it up


Teach niggas how to resolve a big mob
Keep niggas on beat, fuck around and di-ie the mid-ob
Niggas gonna bump what, yeah, you wit it whatever
Let's body these niggas, a lot of niggas bump, yeah


Yo, yo, never been the type to hold a grudge
Did five, I was guilty, fuck the judge
The Ave. got mad when I slid back through
Iced out, just came home and I blew


We like, them frisky, rich and poet-esque
If it's chilly on our neck, then it's cold on our wrists
The cash flow is nuts, come through 8th Ave
Another hundred style, burn out for doughin' us


Aiyo, the hood's off the hook, hooded up crooks
Play the back burner wit black burners layin' for the juks
I'm too live, heats be the same as my shoe size
Fresh out the box, just copped a pair of new nines


Yo, my team is like nitro, it might go boom when the lights blow
Catch you in the spinal wit the same knife from Psycho
My mic flow like Michael on the ball court
All pro, result of this Cream Team, niggas is all out




Aiyo, rep for ya town ("Get ya shit beaten")
Uptown, break it down ("Get ya shit beaten")
Staten Island, break it down ("Get ya shit beaten")
B.K., break it down ("Get ya shit beaten")
Queens and Bronx get down ("Get ya shit beaten")
Throw ya hands up right now! ("Get ya shit beaten")
("Get ya shit beaten")



* cut from the final release


Yea, yea
It's like rap pa', huh? What?
Y'all bitch-ass niggas, what? What?
Leave a mark on your face, duke
Word, uh-huh, you fake fucks
Eh-yo, eh-yo, eh-yo..

I bathe in a tub of guns, dry off with the clips
Now I'm automatic Jack, that's what I've become
Gangsta lean leanin, peach cobbler pockets fit the gram cracker
Outfit you still Dream of Jeanie in
Kings, stay 'greein, nightly prince Of Egypt
Plenty of days I read up, skiied up, whips all beat up
7:30, the sky is fallin, the most of this dyed with dirty urines
It's the dark-skinned Kris Kringle
Crisp bangle material, boggle minds how I popped up in your cereal
Rocks the eagle beat with the rocks pushed in
Pediatric wildin, grippin the floors like cushion
Samuel Jackson, Action Jackson, Mike Jackson, Staten
Dusthead niggas that'll have you laugh, you call
Quicker, and we brawl in big arenas, G&C
Catch me in the spot with a guillotine


In the back of the church, my book be the Book of Life
Donated nothin, hit the preacher wife
This go to all real niggas that be shootin dice
Stashin ya cracks and maggots stick to me in life


Eh-yo we pot of soil, shot our nines of chrome
Just watch how many minds get blown
When I cock mines behind your dome
They gon' find your bones
With your top popped behind your home
Havin a stumb' runnin to find ya phone
B.G.F. and when we the kind to roam
Roll through ya hood and we shine the stones
Blind every dime in the zone
Shit on every line in the poem
And drop a jewel like a diamond in Rol'
B.G.F. war ones, let the fours dump in the forefront with your horse ones
Your body found inside of a Ford trunk, smellin like four skunks
Blast up and cut into four chunks
Shot down and not found for four months
Who playin outfield without a chest shield?
Wanna move? Choose ya weapon of steel
Nigga we 'bout reppin for real
Only take a second to peel
Should've known there was a Tec in the deal, nigga


Yo man, you spoke to that dude about that situation?
- Yeah man, everything's straight, everything's cool, man
I made the connection
Yo man, I hope it ain't no Ohkeedoke, man
I won't have no bullshit
- Once he touch down, everything will be cool
You hear me, mothafucka?

{*beat changes*}


Yo yo, what up? What up?
W.T.C. in the battery, Da Beatminerz
Shaolin, Brooklyn
Yo

The heat's still risin, y'all gon' get it
It's me with the fitted, chain hangin
With the flossy knitted, comin back for all y'all niggas that shitted
Off the vacation, God-U-Nation's inside the gat truck
I don't give a fuck, Killa Bees merge with the MC's for life
Nigga night out, ladies too, floss too much
It's time to jump you, live on the avenue
The fly Gucci's, I could never sweat y'all hoochies
Pillage for life, we don't have to shine
Wu-Tang in the cut, we all engaged with it
Don't never get stuck, Beatminerz got the permit
Jail niggas keep food in the toilet
I can't call it, three months on the bus
No God-degree, W.T.C, we ain't changed a bit
Dirty in the beast but we still thick

{*explosion, followed by glass shattering*}




Daily news reporting a massacre
Crime fam against fam
Streets is a war zone, blood bath
Running for protection
Kane's against DeLucas, bullets in all directions
Duck at the safe house and re-up your ammo
It's a battlefield out here and they're moving with camo
Ayo, headline reads "Bodies is left butchered"
Whole family killed and tossed in the bushes
It's a massacre bringing out the faces of death
Ayo, Wigs, tell priest how they murdered the rest




Peace 
  Say it again

The Genius 

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard 
I'll grab and the mic and I'll damage ya
Cut your whole stamina
Here comes the medical examiner
One verse then you're out for the count
 make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake him up and then ask him
Why did he attend this --
Competition to get an ass kickin so tremendous
Boy you know you shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like the 
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
[I stepped up to a jet black kid, started speakin spanish!
Yo he wasn't from Panama
I asked him how he get so dark, the nigga said suntanama!
He responded so fast, you made me laugh]
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH 
[Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
I brought out the punk in him
Caught him with a strong five deadly venom
Told him enter the Wu-Tang
Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush the shit you bring]
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man 
You try to Jew me for a rhyme 
Go out like Nazi; you'll be wishin your fuckin ass stayed
Home and played 
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin 
With Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and 
Wu, who? Me gettin wreck so I'm through
Like a ten and a half foot, gettin in a seven 

Have your ass doin some Night Fever shit like John Travolta
I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script
And rock on from P.M. 
Pass the Hammer you're broke down, English grammar what what
Can't understand it here's the panaroma

Should of stepped to those fuckin kids who tried to 
Yeah I bust that ass before

And want to perform a massacre
Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular
Crush the personal vendetta, well you just better
Start stepping to your 
Put the pedal to the metal
You and your DJ change your name to Ma and Pa Kettle
As I 
It's not a Newport but it's still live with pleasure
[C'mon don't be silly, just a bag of sensamilli
Rolled up in a] Motown Philly
[I used to write all the time when I smoked
Grab the mic, then I kinda like went for broke
With visually concepts strongest rhymes and biceps
Lyrically speakin, three to four rhymes a choke
Some think they be harmin this, claimin they be bombin this]
But they still remains anonymous
I pull strings like Jimi Hendrix
Ride more beats that go backs to the days of Eddie Kendricks
I teach the truth to the youth, I say 
Here's the truth, better start wearing 
Arm yourself with a shield
 just like the Children in the Cornfield




A game of chess is like a swordfight:
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible


Raw I'ma give it to ya, with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushin' force, my force you're doubtin'
I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucasus Mountains


Well, I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from
Is comin' through with nuff niggas and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweatin', stressin', contestin'
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain, there's no way to barricade me
Steamrollin' niggas like an 18 wheeler
With a drunk driver drivin', there's no survivin'


Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome TEC's, nickel-plated MAC's
Black AC's, drug-dealin' styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
'Cause I got to get my props and win it, yo
I got beef with commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lampin' in a Lexus, eatin' beef
Straight up and down, don't even bother
I got 40 niggas up in here now who kill niggas' fathers


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Bees on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats


Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombin' shits BOOM!
Just warmin' up a little bit, vroom vroom
Rappinin' is what's happenin'
Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clap and then
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone, put strength to the bone
DUH DUH DUHenter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff
Huff? Puff? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff
Rough, kickin' rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley, I'm a Mi-Beetle Bailey rhymes
Comin' raw style, hardcore
Niggas be comin' to the hip-hop store
Comin' to buy grocery from me
Tryin' to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot
RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ol' gettin' low with his flow
Introducin' the Ghostface Killah
No one could get iller


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats


Speakin' of the Devil, psych!
No, it's the God, get the shit right
Mega trife, and yo, I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kickin' that fast shit
You reneged, tried again and got blasted
Half-mastered-ass style, mad ruff task
When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night, yo, I was hittin' like a spiked bat
And then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm runnin' with thugs that flood mugs
So, grab your 8 plus 1
Start flippin' and trippin', niggas is jettin', I'm lickin' off, son


Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang!


Homicide's is legal and death is the penalty
One justifies the homicide when he dies in his own iniquity?
It's the master of the Mantis Rapture comin' at ya
We have an APB on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture
The flow changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie, paralyzin' the victim
You scream as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Movin' on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfuckin' contender


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats




Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know the deal, nigga
Sha what's good nigga?
Lex Diamond, your big brother here, you know
Let's work this shit out, man
Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyo, aiyo


Fresh out the jungle where the blue boys run
We carry rugers, smoking toast on your throat like oolas
Hitting reefer, playing my square, windbreaker jacket
Holding my bear, rock and roll in my lear
I have to eat, gun carefully, let the cocaine bling
Strings is nothing, get your ho clapped, king
We hundred burners, onion turners, all this, came out the yard
With twenty five to lifers, loving my squad
You know the gun show off, whips is gleaming, clean as a fuck
In dirty hallways, the ninas'll cluck
This is crime station, my obligation is to look raw as ever
Feed my little sons and patients
Cuz they hungry, shining, bullet fly right through the lining
Catch me on the plane, humble and wining
Feeding me, fresh niggas, downtown, Brooklyn in them brook lands
Is Timbed up, looking for them jookes, with my miss and


Yo, the streets is a part of me
What you witnessing now is don archery
Pack a lambskin hostler, one of these rocks'll soft you over
You ain't nothing, you'se a bitch ass poser
Fiends on your face, on the T-shirt, thinking that you envy the P
Underneath'll be R.I.P
That's what you get, yo, for being so cocky
Two guns, thumbs up, for me and my posse


Yo, what's the science, little nigga? Yo, you beefing too hard
I throw five in your Champ hood, and envy your squad
You try to stick out your fucking hand, nah, I don't want no dap, nigga
Fucking lucky you ain't get glammed
Bitch ass nigga, you wrong, yo, you mingle with rats
The other day you got caught with the gat, nigga
How you home, nigga? Why you even up in my square?
Like you get busy, got the block hot and stare
Fresh coffins fast, they spitting, ya'll fake bitches
Snitches get mad love, hundred and eight stitches
My condolences, word life, if they can find you a real killa
Someone close is singing like the Jonases
Crime Stoppers, the tips keep pouring in
For a G, you be suprised who's going in
Block huggers, the ones who be holding they jock
And suck my cock, the real cock lovers




Ya'll can call me cook up or come back
My flow hot, my hood hot, cuz of one rat
My block on fire cuz of one match
I spit with paper like thumbstacks, these cougars wanna play all these
Young cats
With pussy, turning boys to men, so I resort to the pen
But at the same time, I'm pointing the pen
And now it's game time, nigga, you in? You better thicken your skin
Move with your peoples through the thick and the thin
I watch for po-po, they raiding the crib
And I ain't trying to get jammed, and have the next man raising my kids
God forbid, dudes be hating on his, because a nigga go hard
And hit 'em harder then they saying they is
But that's just New York, I carry the torch, just long enough
To light a Newport and carry this thought
Fuck what you thought, the bigger the boss, bigger the cost
They don't know about the Tribe of Shabazz, niggas is lost






Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do'
Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do'


Don't give a fuck, poppin' bottles in the club
Tryna fuck Atlanta bitch but let her lick the pussy up
Turn your bitch into a dyke, finna need her baptized
Pool full of liquor, finna dive in her eyes
Bitch I don't care, finna fuck a bitch with no protection I be ignant
Pray to God I'ma die with my nine on my side
Mothafuck cops, bustin' like a pork, better hide
Put my dick in her mouth, call that shit a metapo
Cigarettes to my lungs 'til I let the pistol go
Look into my eyes, tell me what you wanna do
'Fore I kill you in the street with the rest of your crew
I did this, you know this, the mark on my cheek
Where the bullet grazed, and it almost took my life
Forgot what day feels like, I only live at night
Like a bat, not a rat, never die where you at, hoe


I cant see, walk, talk, been straight hoe breakin
Ain't nothin', the energy I generate
The underground underdog 'bout to fall off
Into another generation
I was workin, bussin' tables, now I got my own squid on the plate
Fuck the fame, baby, I don't wanna live in L.A
Back to the M-I-A to the M-I
Gon' lay with a ho, face in the coke lines
Toe taggin' rappers thinkin' that they're snappin'
Goin' bar to bar with me is suicide
You or I, do or die, baby, don't even worry about who am I
Bank account go stupid now
You should know about the whip situation (aye)
Tour been feelin' like a damn vacation
Germ fucked up, woke up not knowin' where he at
You was blacked out in the damn basement


Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do'
Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do'


Yo, I don't give two fucks, I blow big bucks
Strip club, white pussy marks on my black tux
'Cause after the party's the hotel lobby
And that bitch gonna give me more head than Steve Harvey
I keep a duffle bag, not like the money team
All coked out on a scale of a triple beam
Nah mean? Fuck a team of guerrillas
Silverback stomp out your gang of chinchillas
Suitcase, military scopes
Korean shotty up the sleeve of my coat
Each slug is like one big egg roll
Impact, you could lose half of your leg, bro
'Cause we don't play those games
Franco hit the deck, click, clack, take aim
Guns never jam, we don't waste rounds
Best shot's behind the ear like chhhk BOW


Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do'
Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po
I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo motherfuckin' do' (yeah)




We are the G-O-D's
And we came to rock the spot
Like Ironman Starks
They be the illest MC's, in the world today
Cappa Raekwon and the R-Z-A
So listen to them clear, and put the box right near your ear
Light your blunts and down your beers
Cause you could never fuck with Wu-Tang Killer Beez

"From where we at to my man's cell
From where we at"


Say peace to cats who rock MAC Knowledge Knowledges
Street astrologists, light up the mic God, acknowledge this
Fly joints that carry two points, Corolla Motorola holder
Play it God, E-pack over the shoulder
Chrome tanks, player like Yanks, check the franchise
Front on my guys, my enterprise splash many lives
Repel all fakes like reflectors
He had sugar in his ear in his last crack career
We can can him, manhandle him, if you wanna
Run in his crib-o, get ditto, skate like a limo
And jet to the flyest estate, relate take a break
Break down an eighth and then wait, drop it like Drake
Thugs they be booing and screwing, we canoeing
Claim they doing the same shit we doing, fuck a union
It's the same style, RZA train a boy, jump the turnstile
On the island he tried to challenge God for the new bals
Especially that, aluminum bat in the Ac
Relax, lay back, sell a grenade a day, it pays black
The Mac-10 flex wipe cats like Windex
Index finger be sore busting these fly scripts
The Wally kid count crazily grands with our plans
Laying with my bitches and my mans in Lex Lands
We losing 'em, jet to the stash in Now Jerusalem
Abusing 'em, rocking his jewels like we using 'em
Low pro star, seven thick waves rock Polar
Roll with the older Gods, build with the Sun, Moon and Star


All these MC's start realizing
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibing
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak you better step behind us

"Ghostface--Ghostface Killah!!"


Mercury raps is roughed then God just shown like taps
Red and white Wally's that match, bend my baseball hat
Doing forever shit like pissing out the window on turnpikes
Robbing niggas for leathers, high swiping on dirt bikes
Voice be mellow like Vaughn Harper, Radio Barber
Murder sleep away camp, the fly lady champ
The arsonist, who burn with his pen regardless
Slaying all these earthlings and fake foreigners
In the Phillipines, pick herbal beans, bubbling strings
Biochemical cream, we burn kerosene
The conviction of my tape is rape, wicked like Nixon
Blond heads, inscriptions with three sixes in
Kiss the pyramid experiment with high explosive
I slapbox with Jesus, lick shots at Joseph
Zoom in like binoculars, the rap blacksmith
Money's Rolex, was rockless, Chef ragtop is spotless
I'm Iron Man no die-cast metal, I'm steel-alloy
True identity hidden inside secret tabloids
Breathe oxygen, both sides of my jaw carry oxes
The track hit like the bangers, in hundred watt boxes
Yo jostling these cats while Little J be deli-ing
Sip Irish Moss out of Widelians

"rhymes like retail, make sure shit sell
From where we at to my man's cell"


All these MC's start realizing
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibing
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak you better step behind us

"Cappa-Cappa-Cappa-Cappachino"


Give me the the fifty thou, small bills
My gold plate, my slang kills
My beer spills, what up lils?
Murder one dun
Killer bee stung, guess who back home son
My technique of slang camp won, third platoon soon
Cristal bottles, cages of boom, Papi wardrobe
The mad-hatter big dick style, beware goons
Smuggle balloons, lornadoones in fat pussy wounds
Let the Gods build, pull up the grill
Check out the mad skills
Top secret technique, too hard for you to peep it and keep it
Jiggy style of rap and watching knuckle slang sweep it
Out of order tape recorder can't record my slaughter
Spoil the rotten Donna too good to be forgotten
High top notch, borderline rhymes is hand-cocked
Ninety-six, my ill sound clash is still hot
Get yourself shot


All these MC's start realizing
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibing
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak you better step behind us




As we return to the 36 Chambers
The RZA, the GZA, the Ol' Dirty BZA
U-God, Chef, the Ghostface Killah
And Meth, Rebel I soldier for the foreclosure
Don't forget about the Masta yo


Motherfuckers halt when my Colt start stomping
Thunder strikes your land with the jolt
Your stamina level is low like currents from
The volts of relentless punishment that multiplies
At a speed that the naked eye can't detect
The infantry, peep the weapontry as I bomb atomically
Stagnant they stood surrounded and astounded
By this total square mileage of violence that I brung
I've not yet begun to stung, it's the ethics
And rigorous training methods of the Abbott
Incite oversees the opposition
Penetrates then infiltrates, breaking down your resistance
Leaving competition defenceless
Masta, Hip Hop antagonizer
Dumb, deaf and blind civilizer with the silencer


Piledriver Tut boulder face blow Hulk
Anger rap book causing chess blade smoke
Monster truck, punk, elephant gun poke
Jawbreaker humanoid vice grip, choke
Face the inferno, maestro pull it
Pipe hard slang, bite the golden bullet
Never, sold my soul Golden Arm cold stinger
See me on the streets address me stone bringer
Ease away, freeze back, feedback, play out in sweet
Action packed rap, bite it, stomp on the beat
Possess hollow head battle teeth Tony Atlas
Wu status now wisdom to the masses


Cock back my tongue like a hammer
My head is like a nickel-plated bammer
Spit .45 caliber grammar
At the speed of wind makes you bleed within
Crack your skull without penetrating your skin
Reign of champ official, Wu stamp with black pistols
Spent the weekend programming fat tracks at Camp Crystal


Home on the range, rebel with a pen
Writing critically acclaimed scriptures that do you in
Mr. Mef, Hot Nickels
Say my shit holding my sex pistol, deal me in


The bewildering Killa Bee quickly sting ya
I ain't gotta lift one fucking finger
Make sure the God Irief turns on the ringer
We ducking the subpoena
Fatal Flying Guillotine machine from Medina


Check the 150 millimeter heater
As it blows holes through your fucking speaker
(Makin you weaker creeping inches centimeters)
{Fifty caliber street sweeper
Shots from Shaolin that go to Massapequa}


Things'll never be the same after this one
Ghostrider spit flame, lay back and twist one
Recognize the Gods came for one accord
One mind and one common cause, that's the shit Son
Play them crows out position, you might hear me
But you don't listen, competition come and get some on
Red marker still bleeding through the paper
Of his sick premeditated murder caper


I walk with the Shaolin strut, burn a dutch
Watch Street eat 'em up, Cold Crush bum rush
Spot rusher get touched, bagged up, handcuffed
Y'all niggas can't fuck with us


Pass me the Black Velvet, embassy suite, killing me
Spell it, Maxi Priest caught me in a daze up on Delancey Street
Stand solar, deadly vengeance with a crowbar
It's like the dreads worshipping Jah, so Aloha
Pineapple crush, 850 swerve it with a rush
Plush the Canola Range spitting off the roof, holding my change
Yo it's ragtime, universal 12 Monkey mind
It's like stalking through your airport with a chunky .9


The underboss Staten New York
Bloodsport gun talk holding fort back, take 'em to court
It's the burner Shaolin bound face down you gets murdered
Roadblock shell shocked, stretched on a back block
Yo it's warfare when you ring here, slugs fly through mid-air
Landing thugs in wheelchairs from the slugfest
Keeps the iron, where the head rest for the conquest subway
Wordplay ricochet through your projects, crime pays
Matched up in a staircase in a dark place embraced
By the trey-eight, I'm in so deep I can't escape
These crime situations, I stay in man formation
A shot echoes through the ghetto locations y'all remain
P.L.O., slam cats like Bam Bam Bigelow
Throw a flow like Nomo, relate like Fidel Castro
I be the great all pro, hanging MCs by they logos
My street journal reacts and blaze like an inferno




Ayo Kane found Logan lamping at Deluca's
Sitting with a little black boy, she called him Lucas, he knew it
Found himself the daughter of a kingpin
The ex of Tony Starks, it's a win-win
His seed, the grief filled up in his eyes
He kidnapped them both, for a scheme of revenge
Pillow cases over their heads, tossed in the Benz
No friends, no foes, only evil to expose
Let's make a video
Tell Lu I got his grandson and daughter
And I ain't lookin for no ransom
I want revenge, I want blood, I want his head on a rug!
I want him to watch me strangle his daughter
Butcher his babies, attack pits foamin out the mouth with rabies!
M-80s stuffed in his ass cause bodily harm
This is just the fuckin tip of the storm!
Tell him to come! Tell him we need to speak man to mush!
As soon as he step in the building...Ambush






At day break, the Delucas made their way through the main gate
Quietest cougars chasing wild gang prey
They cut through the chained fence up through the five escape steps
They raided the Kane gang 
The look on Kane's face when he realized what was taken place
He was anticipating a payday, but he was faced with a melee
He sprained to his feet but his legs wouldn't stay straight
Afraid, he reached for his piece, Bang Bang! Bang Bang!
But wait, as if on cue, the Deluca crew called out, "Lucas!"
And began shooting unison, maneuvering from each of the rooms in pursuit of Kane
Blew smoke and the cue dreamt irrefutable stench of mutilated flesh and the death of human beings!
Finally it was over
The Delucas lowered their revolvers and put them back in their shoulder holsters
They shifted through the dead remains
The bedrooms, and the entry way
Where the hell is Lester Kane?!


Now what is this that stands before me
Underneath his black cloth coughing
Its Logan and her half breed offspring
I got the nod from kane that ill be enforcing
This cruel source of my arbitration
Ominous calm with the calmest concentration
This job i take it with pride and consideration
With no problem i bring violence without wild provocation
Im delivering deaths invitation
? elevation will be the compensation for the confrontation
The delucas get wiped out without complication
If something goes wrong and i have to
Ill step back and shoot
Im the actual monster no zipper on the back of my suit
My squad is biblical but its backed by the truth
Got worse schizophrenia than Jekyll and Hyde do
The menace weapon thats been cast out of heaven
I hope the delucas dont realize theyve been lied to


Kane's gang had no imply the Delucas had staked out the vacated building for eight days
They knew about his way in, the way out, the makeshift escape route
The hidden staircase, the way down to the basement in the safe house
Where to find Logan and her afraid child
In a dark corner where they were being held
They were blindfolded with taped mouths
No light or water, arms and legs bound


But there's a double cross of course, I'm hearing guns letting off from somewhere else
I'm ready to get involved with the revolving  warehouse all by myself
I dive underground finding rounds



I am delivering death's invitation
I am delivering death's invitation
I am delivering death's invitation
I am delivering death's invitation
I am delivering death's invitation




Breaking into the home of Luther Luca, Lester finds Logan hiding with her son
Logan is the ex-mistress of Tony Starks
Yeah, that's that bitch that set him up to be killed
He confronted Logan about the past
She confessed, but she had remorse for her betrayal
She also confessed the unknown truth about the young boy
He was Tony Starks'
Secret son...




That summer... the summer '88 is the best...
But that's your nostalgia though
"Just for the nostalgia," you gotta say
That's my most nostalgic moment of hip-hop music ever
Right


I'll just sit right here and sing that good, old-school shit to you
I won't fool you, I won't make you be my own
Oh baby you know
All that lovemaking we did
Boy, it was so real, I wanna feel that again
Long lost friend from way back when
Eric B was president
Tell me where the melody went
And if you still care, say ''yeah, yeah, yeah''
Sing it like I used to do
This one is for me and you, oh


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby, you know
Make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


I'll just sit right here and sing that good old school shit to you
I won't fool you, I won't make you be my own
Oh baby you know, that love making we did
Boy, It was so real, I wanna feel that again
Loyal friends from way back then
Tell me can you vision us
36 Chambers high
Feels like were there, yeah yeah yeah
Remix of a fantasy, I hear em singing back to me like...


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby you know. make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


Nah, we dont wish todays game was old again
We just wish it wasnt full of Draconian, Babylonian, phony men
FOH my summation fascinates, we have debates
Whos the greatest living or passed away
I ask MC, see what she has to say
Eric B or Master P, some see it differently
87 meant to me? I try to describe it, you try to relive it
I try to revive it hoping that you get it, yeah
Something about La Di Da Di got inside our bodies
Something about My Adidas coming out the speakers
Used to do the Wop or the Pee-Wee Herman
Rest in peace Heavy D, Moneyearnin Mount Vernon
Lets go


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby you know
Make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


Oh baby you know
This is dedicated to you
This is dedicated to you
This is dedicated to you




The way that momma raised us was pure faith
So diablo wouldn't faze us or daze us
Or lay us down to sleep
Know the wolf from the sheep
Or the sheep who cried wolf
And threw the deadly hoof
While the wolf was asleep
I keep my mind a ghost
Follow my heart the most
Don't play fools too close
Sleep with my eyes at post
So Diablo won't be hostin the game of life
The knife sits by throats of the young
And blows death straight through the lungs
As the mind gets washed by visions of sugar plums
But we shall overcome cause we ain't dumb
But we ain't smart, they got the girls by the hearts
And the niggas by the nuts
Ear, tongue and butts
Yeah, they're trying to fuck us up
But, shit, you know what's up
We gotta get with the movement
And move men soon
They consume every womb who bares
Beneath the stairs of their doom
Best believe they're gonna shove em in a tomb

Chorus: repeat 4X

Cause everytime I step to the microphone
I put my soul on 2 inch reels
That I don't even own


Early Saturday mornin I was cartoon gazin
Slowly broke into the kitchen
To fill a bowl with some Raisin Bran
As I ran up and down the TV stations
I witnessed Indian Joe
Getting tricked out of this nation
By a silly hillbilly
Who laughed as the shit happened
Everything's the same
The game continued into rappin
Deception is at an all-time high
You give a piece of your soul
To receive some crumbs from the pie
But you know I keep on rappin til the break of dawn
Even though it is my soul that I do not even own

Chorus: repeat 4X


I was po', black and broke
Beyond a shadow of a doubt
Ass-out, wide open waitin for my shit to come on out
Speakin about the time before I got signed
I was coolin behind Coolio in the County Line
My big brother used to say I was an asshole
Didn't graduate, couldn't handle the hassle
Of high school, why fool
Wit' foolish rules and guidelines
Fuck the cap and tassels
Said forget the trade and tried rhymes
Hooked up with J-Swift, got with 2-4-2
Me and my nigga L.A. Jay back at S.C.U
I grab the MIC one-time
Check it, 1-2, we in
Freakin' major flavors with my fellow Nubians
Takin shit to the next level
Too bad I sold my soul to the fuckin devil




Hehehe, you know I guessed it
You would be the only one
Who would dare to come here, you got courage
Huh, hmm, before you get a chance to fight with me
You must observe our rules, and meet these two swordsmen first


Whatchu know about steppin' out the crib like it's 20 thousand
And all fives, dust still in the fridge
Either or, yo, I rock like a meteor
Bitches know when the kid's high cause I fuck with the TV on
Winter time blowing, had the suede boxers
Petite fillers for the whole team, eight watches
Ladies and gents, watch me, every line is snake venom
Creepin' up on your brain like Excedrin
Blowing out veterans with a speech impediment
So underground I stay beneath the crevices
Bitter wars over coke stores
Arabian jewelers keep hitting me off for the cross
Shiek's wealthy princes and ayatollah
All I gotta do is kick a verse, they like hold this
You my nigga, dun, word to the light on the phoenix sun
Want you to take my daughter, give your queen a son


Halt, you leap me? That's right, I have heard you're the master of dragon's sword Right, hahaha, maybe, but try me


NY fitted, Jordan 13's on the feet
Splash blood on my threads, how I murder the beat
Like medicine to infants, out of they reach
In a charcoal seven with the chardonnay seats
Now my name ring, I played the born, and bare the storm
Now I made king, I weigh my arm, and they respond
Stay gone off that haze and Don, game long like
Triple overtime, overtime stay strong
The great one, fake none, put it on the Bible
See me face to face, look me in my eyes, deuce
Spartacus flow, soul cookies in the vinyls
Only time I go soft, raw pussy on the cycle
Your highness, INS, darts catch your body
And all a nigga saw was the sparks from the tommy
Papis split the fishscale raw, copping polly
Big brother Rollie on Deck, got it roxy


My rap is like a holy drug cart, documented in my sentence
Around the edges, sold my presence of my life beginning
For born bloody swarm, early to a Godly finish
To naysayers throwing stones, hoping I'll diminish
The skies open, til I rose from three or four dimensions
With great rings, less then the dollars the grave bring
Meet the afterlife, chapters I write, with great king
A spiritual , hearing from beyond
They talk to me through a cloth coofie, Lord's beauty
And I'll admit through gems of life, I lost jewelry
Amongst the land dwellers, never trust what a man will tell ya
They give you stone for bread, you found dead
With no dog to smell ya, passing acid in your liquor glasses
When they pour it, have you throwing up blood and courage
Just a week ago, you spotted them walk in
With your enemy, and you recall it
They wasn't mean mugging, they were talking, plotting on you
But God made me unnormal, your diary rise
Breathing the immortal


It was mean, while I'm fixing
His identity, overthrown by the republicans
But our people are still suffering, I am determined
To reorganize this justice, to help our people
By overthrowing the republicans
So help me to regain our position
We will overcome the republicans






Sitting in this library, man
Reading these fucking books
Britannica Encyclopedias, L. Ron Hubbard, Tony Robertson
These muthafuckas, you know what I'm saying?
Sheek Louch

Glasshouse
I reside by the library
Yves Saint Laurent frames
Sipping Ciroc berry
Burning the big dutch, sweet feet up
Long ashes hanging off the blunt, then I pluck
Fell back power napping
Stones they cover my bones
Bricks laying on my pinkie like tombstones
Unbutton my shirt, unloosen my tie
Got the fireplace up real high
Cuban maid sliding me cookies, tall glass of lemonade
Chandeliers hanging over my head
Sitting like a cloud of haze
Larry King on mute
They about to bury Wesley for taxes
Then shot across the two
Then I grabbed the remote, hit the volume on the big lion
The screens in his mouth, a ninety inch giant
Went to commercial, the phone rang
Yo, what up Sheek?
Aint nothing, Tone, just on my dean
Out here in Queens, I bag me a queen
Fed her all this shit she wanted to hear, she probably want the ring
True!


Yeah, different time zones, thats all
I mean, Im over here across seas
You over there in the States
You over there, but either way we gotta get this money, fam
Yo yeah

On the tenth floor, looking over Paris
My neighbors all embarrassed
Cuz Im ass naked, watching the clock
He hating, but his wife steady watching my cock
Different time zones, steering wheel on the right
Driving down the wrong street thinking what the fuck Im gon eat tonight?
White women laying in my bed
I can make a documentary on what race can give the best head
Rae hit me on the text
Told me that he like that new shit, last night, that he heard on Flex
Alright cool, hit me up when you get down to Brazil
If the weathers right, fuck it, I come down to chill
I got a briefcase of Euros and Indian money
Every time Im in customs, they look at me funny
Yeah


Im out in South Beach, 1st street, Ocean Ave
AMG6 with the oak dash
Live the VIP life, I aint spend a clam
I got weight on the spot, thats "instagrams"
Pretty boos in Jimmy Choo's with titties loose
In the mood, getting nude in the swimming pool
Im doing my thing, how Im repping, they salute king
And they dont even know Im Wu-Tang
Name heavy, phone call to my ace Diego
For anything, what up, man? Connect me
I snatch bank like four, five, six
Deuce high, watch a dude ride, Im on my shit
Up in Mansion, salute, world famous Inspectah
Click large, homey, put some more tables together
Wild for the night, I aint even think about my flight
I got some bitches and they tripping off that powder white
Aiyo yo yo, kiss each other, yo




Call it how it is - according to the facts
If rap was prison our shit would be the Supermax
No sunshine, just dark skies
Nothing but dark thoughts going through my mind
I got bad blood, mad love only for the team though
Everyone one of us is the shooter, now where the beef go
I ain't seen none of these niggas and we out here
Wanna be celebrity thugs a lot of mouth, yeah
Oh my god we could not be fucked with
Real shit look at our life all in the public
We under the microscope they all watching us
We have no choice but to keep it trill they sizing us
And if they wasn't god, always pay attention don't he
I couldn't live with myself being phony
Look, if life was a game then I guess we winning
Cuz this life we made for ourselves is bitching


Didn't want to do it but the voices tug and pullin'
On my eardrums something that I knew I shouldn't
Got me wildin with the ratchet out like shit is legal
Looking for a victim put 'em in the fetal
Fuck is going on? when it's on I know it's on
But shit not really popping and I'm looking for a war
Looking out my window pointing shit at police
To make matters worse I'm sipping on some OE
Shit got me buzzing, I'm already bugging though
With mad  bottles that I drank about a month ago
Fuck is on my mind? I'm feeling bipolar
Plus paranoid looking over both shoulders
I woke up with blood on my hands
Fuck I do this time? now a nigga scared
Fuck, I'll probably get the fucking chair
Grab my fucking gun, a few clothes son I'm outta here


Hey Yo Hav, what's good with ya boy?
Hey yo P, why they fuckin with the baby?
Got me ready to spaz, son tell him be easy
For easy fews, I get'em chunked in the shishkebabs
I got scars, nigga, I lay bars, lay ..., lay laws
Roast a nigga like...
Son, you god damn right I fuck fans, I live on tour
I raise again to shake, my gun got bling on it
Move like the Mexican cartel, behead and kingfold
Brass knuckle your jaw, belt buckle your whore
Take it back to my stapleton days, I'm quick on the draw
Cocky, my Amex(?) swallows, grip the streets
I make a bitch shower that ass, before she slides in the sheets
Allow meat, fresh veggie bowl of sour diesel leaves
And burn shit, 'till I'm back like Christopher Reeve
Fuck the Febreze, I'm stinkin' like that Ol' Dirty Bastard
That's that Wu and Mobb shit, don't turn it up, blast it




Just keep away (just keep away
Go on, it's not your fight!)
It's not yours nigga, fall back
I'm about to blow something out here
Straight up, yeah, this is a family thing
We gon' handle our business and shit
These muthafuckas know not to come around here like that
This is real shit, real talk
Four different niggas, with four different aspects, nigga
This is family shit
Who the fuck said family ain't family no more, nigga?
This is tight shit, tighter than white in ya wallet


Yo, I'm talking bags of heavy coke, bracelets on every men
Innocent dope pushers, over night king pins
Indeed, we smack niggas up for their cheese
Throw bleach in yo face, got beef, let it be chuck
The streets don't know my peeps
Jumpin' out of UPS trucks, blowing niggas off they feet
With four-four gloves, rims spinning, tippin' on fo-fo's
My mouth be worth millions, something like Paul Wall's
Ladies look out; they ain't thugs, they homo's
The film look hyper, when I clap 'em in slo mo'
Ya'll still paying the mob? We whip niggas out like waffle batter
Theodore ancient with dart, flossin' them diamonds
Discussing our hits over a glass of scotch
Baywatch bitches that ski, take turns when they hand us the twat
Think not, we still run the trains, til the condom pop
On the low, we still fucking them cops
Pretty things from all precints, friday nights, we holding they Glocks
This is family, nigga, niggas can't stand me
Next up, my little man, I hand you the jammy


You know the fam, what it is, it is what it is
S.I.N.Y., where the animals live
Ass bet, niggas run in yo cribs
I don't care if you blast for the cash, then scramble yo wig
I'm like "Damn, what a wonderful kid"
I could do what I want, doing dirt, not serving a bid
You know a real fam handle they biz, everybody get searched
From the grandpops, down to the kids
And my time, I'm officially here, tell ya man
Go and start up ya car, start shifting the gears
Sun God got the pits for his ears, cuz niggas is scared
Hoping I don't let it blow in they ribs
I said hot, niggas get robbed non stop
Once the gun cock, niggas strip down to they socks
And my fam at the tippity top, I won't stop
Believe it or not, you and ya man is close targets
Juks everything, dice games, mini markets
Fam gon' spark it, I'mma take whatever's in the pockets
Mostly the cash and the wallet, slide off the jewels
Cuz you shining, begets and the diamonds
Never deny niggas with iron... YO!


Aiyo, chillin' with the Ceasar crew
We can smoke, all in the halls
It's how many niggas with guns, got 'em on
All tip top, cling to the fullest, mad bullets
This is a hobby, the lobby where they clap yo hoods
Get the paper, word to everything, we a acre up
Barbequin' like a mutt, we ain't taking nothing
A high tech extremist, Gatorade, paid ya boy some money
To lay up on the low, swinging beamers
I need to be an actor, but instead, I'd rather be in Hempstead
All of my bread came from crack barbers and shoppers
So much beef in these whoppers
Guns that'll knock out floors and hit choppers
What? What? The family remains, cuz it's grain
It's automatic, I live it and I claim it
It's real, come around here, you bought here
Yo, lay that half tape, then you will get wrapped real quick


Aiyo, we hug the block on President's Day
Swinging all year round, gettin' that money the American way
Might run up in yo wedding, grab the reverand and spray
And let the shots for whatever they may
This is family, nigga, minus the mob size
The resurrection of Toney Starks & Trife Dies', starring in Part 5
Niggas'll rather die when they're pride's in question
Try'nna play hero, getting stuck for they prized possessions
Look you staring in the eyes of oppression, that's why I ride with protection
Extended clips, super sizing my weapons
Five eleven, keep the heat tucked
That'll burn a hole thru ya stomach like acid reflux
Get buried in ya cheap tux'
We make it hard for you niggas to keep up
Been thru a hundred towns, and running, beating the streets up
Come up north in New York, down in Miami, pumping
At a table, breaking bread like a family


Florida, where we follow the code of the streets and
Breaking the beats and, we taking the eats
Never the least, we invading the streets
Shaking the beast, we familiar for life
We don't run, we grab knives, my double edged spit life
My dogs is real tight, shooting the dice
Some of my fam might snatch ya ice
Got family that go to church, come back like you don't work
Got family that'll set you up, got family that chill, wanna spark the dutch
Wizard my fam, that stuck you up, I got fam that'll fuck you up
Chop you up, put your body in the back of the truck
Osama Island, we been wilding, see the violence
We display talent, respect balance, nigga, Shaolin




Yeah, Wu-Block, aiyo, Ghost, aiyo, Chef
Clip up, nigga!


I drop fifty on the order, more hundred on the whip
Five on the Louis luggage, ten on the trip
Sour when I land a little, something for the hip
Fiji or Roset, and I don't even take a sip
Nah, they don't do it like we do
Nah, they don't do it like us
Nah, they don't do it like we do
Nah, they don't do it like us


Yeah, Donnie laughing at you sore losers
Underdogs hot, 2011 Hoosiers
That's cruisers that's jumped off from back flipping pussies
Splash, I get all them clothes smelling cushy
Shades on, Aviator lens
Mami sitting in my Benz, like she Liz Claiborne
That you already rolled, now it's hella flame, on
Little model bitch, had to get game, on
Yeah, the hood say I'm on fire
Donnie on the street like a Good Year, tire
Still look the same and that's last years, flyer
Just more money, but way more, higher




Aiyo, Benz and grams being torn from the rubber bands
Latifah shorts, tennis courts in the summer mans'
Skydiving in Fiji Islands with a sweet view
Balley parachutes, the water is deep blue
Micro felt goggles, Brazil models, keep a mouth full
While I'm hitting they back tonsils
Me and Sheek is Selleck and George Clooney
A Russian chef with scars on his chest, the boats mad roomy
Only niggas that move good pots to the rasta
Switzerland, we flying in vet to examine the watches
And we ain't gotta throw ice on 'em, we count one for Kiss
Styles, Rae and Cap, L and Mike and 'em




Aiyo, two hundred thousand in dust paper
Let a bullet thrust, take your Jacob, I'm always in make-up
Under your trucks, Scottish ruger, jump suiter
Rad little slut, one white killa with bucks on
Wearing jewelry, robbing jewelry, peep out the coats
I switch pockets then pull out the scope
Niggas is dice, ya'll famous for the legendary clarks
Lamping in Junior's, eating squid, me and Starks
Chatting quiet, no talking, just finger jabbing
Sheepskins grey, beneath the feet, crisp balley
D&C Kangols, white Russian gazelles
Keep a track on the sickest bat like Modell's






This is a story of a player from an Island
That lost his way, such a price to pay
To kiss those girls and make them cry
Kiss those girls and make them cry
To love, to lose, to plead for a do over
A do over
Give me a do over
I want a do over
It's that Radio Raheem and Ghostface Killah


If you knew I was out of line, I miss you like all the time
And if you don't wanna see me, fine
A good girl's hard to find, so maybe in due time
Can I get a do over? Can I get a do over?


Aiyo, I used to get a threesome, every other weekend
Cheated on my girl til we nearly stopped speaking
She broke down and cried, and it hurt so bad
Her friends went and told her I was a brand new dad
Of course, she knows now, I ain't used no bag
My excuse was I couldn't cum like that
She warned me of days like this, if this should happen
She'll be out, and we'd be the ones sharing the napkin
Silly dilly me, didn't follow the instructions
Don't bring nothing home, I don't wanna hear nothin'
But brought to the world, innocent, two month old little girl
But what am I to do? Yo, I lost my boo
It's like being kicked out the group and lost my crew
Throwing a baby up to someone I hardly knew
Nah that shit don't add up, what am I to do, yo? I lost my jewel




Aiyo, I wrote this right here, on the bus to Rikers
Right next to the thieves, the cons, the lifers
For mad years, you held you down, I'mma overwhelmed in pain
And the worst time to leave you, now
I'm sorry, please forgive me, the streets caught me
I appreciate your concern and support for me
Most important, your honesty and trust, your heart's incredible
This the truth spilling out of my guts
If I, would of took the chance to see
What was place right in front of my face
For sure, nine out of ten times
My actions wouldn't allow me to be so naive
And blind, to carry out these mistakes
I'm cheating, running around, blasting my gun
For me, my rep on the streets like touching the sun
You like a fingerprint, I never find a match like you
Thanks for your patience, you find a man, I hope it's true




She was screaming out the window, I was walking up the block
Throwing out my Timbos, and all my clothes
She said, F*** my, apoligies
She said, the lies won't fit those
And I said, baby, now let me explain
I know I had fucked up, it was a one time thing
So take all the time you need and desire
And if you let me do it over, I promise to do it right




Hello baby, I'm sorry for everything that just been going on lately
You know, I've kinda been stressed out
I've been thinking about the things I did to you lately and
Not listening when you was telling me to chill
Now I wind up in here, it's like
You remember, listen boo, listen
The way you rub my face, the way you talk to me
The way you look at me, I know ain't no girl in the world gon' ever give me that
Like the way you gave it to me
So right now I'm pleading, and this is my word on everything
I'm on my knees, babe, just take me back, give me one chance
I'm asking for a do over...




Frher: broke auf der street, heute: Hustler am Pool
Ich wurd' vom einfachen Dealer zu 'nem Mafiamogul
Mit 15 Jahren fing ich als Botenjunge an
Machte die Drecksarbeit und brachte Drogen an den Mann
Ich blieb unauffllig und machte im Untergrund Cash
'Ne Zeitlang fhlte ich mich wie der Junge bei Fresh
Hab fr Bosse Blunts gewickelt oder Kraut verpackt
Kmmerte mich um kleine Dealer oder Laufkundschaft
Fuhr ber Grenzen mit Kilos im Autodach
Machte 'nen Haufen Schnapp mit dem Verkauf von Batz
Geh' ins Caf und treff' meinen Kontaktmann um Zehn
Er fragt mich, ob das noch mit den Haschplatten steht
Ich sicher' ihm zu: "Sie werden heut aus Kabul geliefert
Ich kauf' 3 Tonnen Dope von afghanischen Dealern"
Die Ware wird verpackt und ber Grenzen verschifft
Tre-Tre-Treffpunkt um 8, bring den Geldkoffer mit


"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse" (Scratches)
"Don't make me be a bad guy, come on" (Scratches)
"Say hello to my little friend" (Scratches)
"You know why?" (Scratches) "It was outta respect"
"My offer is this" (Scratches) "Nothing" (Scratches)
"As far back as I can remember I always wanted to be a gangster"
(Scratches) "Business bad?" (Scratches)
"Fuck you,  pay me" (Scratches)
"Place got hit by lightning, huh?" (Scratches)
"Fuck you, pay me"


Und heut schreib' ich auf Beats dope Hits
Damals hab ich Haschplatten mit 'nem Speed Boat verschifft
Ey, die Medien meinen, unsere Platten sind zu hart
GBM bernimmt wie ein Mafia-Syndikat
Viele kleine Gauner denken, sie wren Bosse in dem Game
Doch werden frher oder spter erschossen wie Frank 
Sie sind schneller tot als "Machine Gun" Jack
Der nach 'nem Drive-By auf der street verreckt
Wir machen Deals, weil jeder braucht Geld, bro
Und killen dein Kartell wie Eduardo Ravelo
Viele Gangster sind auf der Flucht und tauchen einfach unter
Doch werden irgendwann geschnappt, so wie "Whitey" Bulger
Echte Bosse handeln auf der Strae nicht mit Yayo
Sondern leiten die Geschfte so, wie Nazario Moreno
Ich war broke, am Arsch und ohne ein' Cent
Wir machen Drogen zu Geld wie das Sinaloa-Kartell




Yo, we was raised in the ghetto on district
Before guns was called "biscuits"
Stapleton was on that hood shit
Live from the New York Burrough keeping it thorough
Bunch of snakes in the grass, they creeping like squirrels
Cause a snitch gon' crack that nut, don't give a fuck
Did 10 hours long, they tried to wrap us up
He dry snitchin', poofed up in the whip with a smile wisdom
Hopped out to get a Dutch, but he left with his wig splittin'
We from New York, my city never sleeps, no
We running with a hundred heats
When beef pop off we ain't the one to speak
Dressed in all black driving 16 hearses
With 16 niggas dropping 16 verses
Big faces bulging out of big, green purses
Duck your man for his veggies and his layman 
So I dare niggas act up, then niggas act up
Now like cars in reverse y'all better back up




Cleaned up, now I gotta find Bamboo
I changed shit on the block and got rid of the fools
Things'll be different, no need to feel pressured
No more drug houses, little kids could be treasured
The streets ain't filled with crackheads and D's
I go walk around my hood, nigga know my steez
Philly, about to rebuild the nation
Through the knowledge of self, through education


Freeze, motherfucker. Hands, hands, let me see your hands. Get out of the car. Get out of the fucking car. Get out, eat some fucking dirt. Get on the fucking ground


I seen the police pull up, and rides hopped out
Put your hand behind your back, you're guilty without a doubt
What you mean, son? We built on this
Illegal chokeholds, slap cuffs on my wrist
I don't know what you talking about, boy, I'm the authority
I'm just here to question up minority
A thug drug pusher, violent man of deception
And you just happen to fit the description


Nigga, you just another pawn in my chess game. I taught you everything you know, I run this motherfucking city. Think you gon' fuck everything up? You got the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be used against you in the court of law. (Faggot ass police nigga, man) Nigga, you're going away for a long time


Okay, I got it, niggas just set me up
Do their dirty work and thrown behind bars
You want wars? You got it - Tony ain't the one
I told you before, I make murdering fun
Gotta swindle the kid, have me masking your enemies
It's all good in my chest, I got ten of these hearts
And I vow for revenge
Tony don't stand for crumbs and fake friends


It's funny, only if niggas really knew
Got the keys to the city, I could kill a whole crew
Put the squeeze on the willy, get silly, go fool
Chop a nigga up, blame his body on his dude
What it do? It's bigger than the boys in blue
Beyond definition what this falls into
M's in my optic, no ends to the profits
Judges, prosecutors, politicians in my pocket
Hostage, high life, living on the edge
Toxic in hindsight, see me when I'm dead
Pledge, sworn in to serve and protect
What a web, catch a neck, then I'm on to the next
Shit be booing, played out scripts, need a new one
I dare a nigga doubt what I'm doing
Moving, cash rules everything around me
Crown me, I'm trying to squeeze blood out the county




Wish I could see through, see deep into you
And know what you're thinking now
And if I'm what you needing
I need some kind of sign
Let me know cuz I can't read your mind
Are you in? Or am I in this on my own?
I need some clue from you, let me know babe


Do you feel me? Do you read me?
Tell me am I gettin' through to you
I wanna know, are you with me? Are you listenin'?
Baby, is my message gettin' through?
Do you feel me baby, oh babe, cuz I can feel you


Yo, can I ask you one question? How you feel about the prince of love?
You start buggin', when I ask you, for my back to rub
With no response, I gave you my heart
Your mind seem like it's all over the place like art
Hold on, this ain't the girl I met, you used to stay focused
We'd laugh, we did the apartment, and bombed the roaches
If you really want me to bounce, would you let me know?
Don't cold shoulder me and have me figure it out on the low
Cuz that's not fair, I wouldn't do it back, I sware
And when we get old, I'll be the one, pushing your chair
And the way you making me feel, I can drop a tear
I need a hug from you, baby, like you hug your bear, come here




Yo, baby blue nine in the night box, stacks of cash
Rubberbanded up, stuffed in some all white socks
Fuck a detox, the Doe Rehab, got me signing my gun
So if any nigga try to come to the lab
I let the AR fifth bang, the streets is leery
We movin' eightballs through hands like the Fists of Fury
Ya'll blow five d's a week, just to clean my jewelry
Another hundred grand, to pay off the judge and jury
We flood the streets like bad news stars, blow our Nextels all night
Even though they taping our codes, fuck The Wire
I inspired them Cocaine Cowboys, muthafucka




Aiyyo, where the fuck is that blunt at?
Where y'all niggas hoggin the shit man?
Two pulls of that shit nigga start gettin paranoid and shh
Get your fuckin, get your feet off my fuckin table nigga!
Fuck you think you at home, with your cheap fur on?
Shit look like it 'bout to bite somethin and shit nigga


It was the night before he got popped
Big jars of haze, Cheech and Chong bong in the spot
Tropicana strawberries diced bananas the long dookie fifth
Next to the Town House crackers Madden on, 2008, a G a game
I'm Ron O'Neil the love seat sunk deep
Lil niggas bussin off they punk heat
I'll make a massacre try to rob one of my donkeys
But I ain't wettin that
I don't wanna send nobody back, violate me, take a nap
Promise you got something lord that will honor you
Blow your lil head off while you're tying your shoe
But back in the kitchen Pyrex's
Occupied by the twins bank robbers with large records hard vests
86 got guards on Benetton rugbies and frames that fake guns when they rob ????
To them that's natural actual play the squib God we gettin at you
And we don't want to rap to you
It's not Kosher
It's not a code of La Costra Nostra to roast ya I get a little closer
Rock you to sleep like I got these little bitches come over
Hoping you falll for the bait thinking you safe
Had that ass sweating like T.D. Jakes
I want the ones nigga you non believers you can ask your momma
Now that's drama


Dollar icy from papi with the scraper Glock with the laser
Trying my best not to pop yet but the drop is major
Shot my lil cuz I do my aunt the favor watch this
I never been this itchy hope these cops just
Get a doughnut urge and just splurge you bot he nerve to play third
In a softball tournament round my way say that's your word you bird
I'll put your beak on a curb but anyway
Looks like a good game the pigs ain't leaving so I'm a lay
Nice play just too bad it's your last
Couple bundles of D and 200 cash to sack you in the grass
So watch the teams line up shake hands guess the games over
Faggot nigga hopped in a Liberty fake Range Rover
I'm on his tail like Sonic little shorty palming on a 40
Broad day I'm trying to dodge a cover story
Look like he stopping for gass I'm a pluck him yay
This had to be his most unlucky lucky day
2 brothers come out of 7 Eleven in army wear and stand there
Acting like my tires need air
He closed the gas cap too many things going his way
So I just stashed that you probably think I'm bugging but hey
I know them games in Lindsay Park is every Sunday he ain't going nowhere
I went home switched gear went out and grabbed me a beer
10 drinks later I'm at Burger King window for a Whopper
Look left and see partner I hit the stash blokka


Who the fuck you think you is Ron O'Neal?
Tat tat what the fuck when that 9 milli peel
Is it real realer than Pitssburgh steel
Yo Ghost pass the toast these niggas is daffodils
Got buck naked bitches counting half a mil gloves on
Fully dressed bitches watching them with they snubs on
While I'm in the kitchen pretending to be Raekwon
Watching Rachel Ray all day I get my cake on
Fiends love me like a Drake song
Rep that Louboutin bottom in my back pocket all day long
Black Wall Mafias Wu-Tang Sopranos
Niggas steady pushing keys but we don't see pianos
Niggas steady pushing Phantoms we don't see the opera
Niggas steady rocking dreads you ain't even Rasta
Take your New Era off and reveal
The faggot nigga you are or your cap getting peeled
Then we out to Brazil I know niggas in Negril
That'd chop your fucking head off and throw it on a grill
Take the gold out your mouth and throw it in they grill
Send a finger to your moms and let her know that it's real
Nigga we in the field like Chris Johnson
It's 2010 how the fuck we get 6 Thompsons
Top 10 how the fuck you gonna forget Compton
Every rapper on your list'll get their shit stomped in
I started soowoo I'm the reasaon for that 5 shit
Came in the game on that fucking Ready to Die shit
Sold 9 mil ended up with some fly shit
Naked pictures R&B bitches all in my Sidekick
How I be killin the pussy should be a hate crime
Got a BlackBerry was getting too much FaceTime
Back to fucking project bitches now I hate dimes
All they want is money my nigga I can't waste mine
I son niggas like it's day time
Grey cotton Louis sweat suit with the Ralph Lauren waist lines
Smooth as a baby's ass and I got that Baby cash
Catch me in the hood same deals Old Navy had
Motherfucker



"Do that dance, grown up" - sample repeated throughout the song


Turn my microphone up a little high..
Yeah.. yeah, yeah, look, party people gath-
Party people gather round
(Do that dance, grown up, do that grown up, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah, yeah
Do that dance, grown up, do that dance, grown up
Aiyo, aiyo, aiyo, aiyo)


Party people gather round, watch the God get down
The sound's so rugged, measure the erection
It's raw when I'm sexin' your brain
Cherry cream gleem leather seats, lean
Goose in the canteen, dutch leaf green
Blocklet of chocolates, ship a mil', box it
Moms and pops it, plan to be seventy five, live and kicking
Jewels drip in the heat --


Radioactive, roll that accurate, what?
Roll that backward, flow went back
I stand as a man, the game plan repped your name
The greatest Fam, with grain of sand
Me and Irief, Killin gangsta thieves
Gangsta beats, civilize, great men don't make beliefs
Haagan-Daaz, shake the streets
I'm cocained down, and I got a fire to stretch my eats
West to East, South to North, best, the beats
Rest is tef', the Chef defeats
Order this piece -- yo..
Niggas who ain't real, they real when they call the police, my brothers
Watch the slang, lots of lame, pop your frame
And drop your dame, and chop your name
We locked the game, '89 niggas with oxes on us
In front of the building with the same thing


Uh-- yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get your uh-uh-uh-uh
And... (do that dance, grown up, do that dance, grown up)
Look, look, huh, look, huh, party people gath-
Party people gather round
(Do that dance, grown up, do that dance, grown up)


Party people gather round, watch the God get down
The sound's so rugged, measure the erection
It's raw when I'm sexin' your brain
Cherry cream gleen leather seats, lean
Goose in the canteen, dutch leaf green
Blocklet of chocolates, ship a mil', box it
Moms and pops it, plan to be seventy five, live and kicking
Jewels drip in the heat, ribbon with a young sweet
Something in the passenger seat, I greet queen
Bee got the Old Man feeling twenty three
Power-U fat as a peach, I'm Chief Jay Strongbow
From the east, come due Allah, what a beautiful squall
Through the Cartier tints, I seen her from afar
She in her mink trench in her panty and bra
Smooth in silk, naturally built, soy milk breast
Gas at the Hess, slid into the rest
Undress ya'll, and you don't stop, come on!


Do that dance, grown up (come on)
Do that dance, grown up


Yo, I got muscles in my index finger, even my nail is diesel
To scope two, so I could read you
Without a jack, there, I'm still hittin' up people
You were starvin' for beef, I had to feed you
It's funny how Toney got a lot of sons around
Nice dirty crib, with a lot of guns around
Layin' up in Cheetah's, chillin'
Treatin' niggas like cavities, lead rocks'll be in your filling
Bosses, C.E.O.'s, head niggas in charge'll get whacked
Actors, even down to the stars'll get clapped
Skip back, I'm not a bullshit rapper
My gun really do go off like that
This is Ghost, high post, get your pot roast coked
When the Glock burst, it's all about clockwork
Fuck around, and go to hell with a hot shirt
I don't go to Chinatown for my fireworks
I go to Achmed, test him for a bomb, first
Make sure he ain't lyin', tell on me, his eye'll squirt
Ghost Deini is real, me and Killa'll peel
Your cap back, and deliver the mil'
Niggas be pullin' out, but they don't use 'em
Big giant joints, they skate and lose 'em
The big yellow, this shit'll push your crew in
Look you dead in your face, like "What ya'll doing?"
Ain't killin' nothin', so stop pursuing
Fuckin' with my click, you'll just get ruined
Blowin' the weight, like Breezly Bruin
By the way, who the fuck, let ya'll fools in?




Doctor X enter the crib, worked on the kid
Created a mask that allowed me to breathe
But couldn't extract the chemicals from my body
Poisonous lethal doses, comatosis
In and out of conscious, drugs is ferocious
The mass released the gas that simmer the soul
So my adrenaline stays level not out of control
I been contaminated, physically altered
Got wrong for doing right, my attitude salted
I'm bitter, I clean up the community
Fuck these New York City cops
I dont need the mmunity

 (x2)
Fuck 911, private doctor on speed dial
Slid to the aisle fixed up the golden child
Exquisite doctor, his work of art
Created a gas mask to save Tony Starks


I specialize in telekinesis, recognize the thesis
The leading expert on war, and weaponized diseases
The brilliant Doctor X, no scientist is colder
The master specifically protects you from Ebola
Its destruction is impossible, totally irrelevant
The compounds are not found on a periodic table of elements
Adamantium plus Vibranium the fords fills your bill
Will shield your cranium
If anyone would try to place the mask upon their face
The mask corrupts yah
It's designed to match your molecular structure
Plus the goal was to give it a touch of luster
To match the eagle bracelet adjust to your repulsive thrusters
Busta psychology, the wallaby that adapts to the environment
That's the militant technology
But I digress, I must confess
The mass is unequivocally my best invention yet, Doctor X

 (x2)




I formed a crew, niggas straight tell me I'm slipping
I'm the boss of the fam, I need to watch my position
Bitches are sneaky, trifling and not to be trusted
A weak link in the team and the chain will get busted
Don't trust her, love is for suckers
Too many enemies is out there son, tryna bring the ruckus
Keep a tight circle, don't let her rain on your parade
Keep doing what we're doing, getting money and getting paid


Enemies all around me, one mistake and they'll down me
They just wanna rain on my parade
I said the enemies all around you, one mistake and they'll down you
They just wanna rain on your parade


It's mind-boggling the heart wants it, the mind rejects it
Fuck the past, let's put the present in perspective
That's my lady, she would never back-stab or cross me
Stand butt-naked in the storm, sipping the frosty
You force me to choose, I'ma follow my heart
She was there from the beginning, but I tore 'em apart
No more Delucas, straight Killa Bee on the Swarm
And when it's time to get big, she put her game face on






I formed a crew, niggas straight tell me I'm slipping
I'm the boss of the fam, I need to watch my position
Bitches are sneaky, trifling and not to be trusted
A weak link in the team and the chain will get busted
Don't trust her, love is for suckers
Too many enemies is out there son, tryna bring the ruckus
Keep a tight circle, don't let her rain on your parade
Keep doing what we're doing, getting money and getting paid


It's mind-boggling the heart wants it, the mind rejects it
Fuck the past, let's put the present in perspective
That's my lady, she would never back-stab or cross me
Stand butt-naked in the storm, sipping the frosty
You force me to choose, I'ma follow my heart
She was there from the beginning, but I tore 'em apart
No more DeLucas, straight Killa Bee on the Swarm
And when it's time to get big, she put her game face on




Uh, fuck outta here, yeah, aiyo, aiyo


You wouldn't believe (what) what just happened to Steve
He got bagged up town with a brick in his sleeve
Plus an asshole full of dimes, so when he see the judge
You know he gon' get an asshole full of time
Linebacker numbers, no distracting this hunger
And they was watching 'em for damn near, half of the summer
It's a shame how that boy that bagged, right on the Ave
One four-fifth, d's was hopping out yellow cabs
Guns drawned, told 'em get on the floor, gave 'em a run for the money
And in the process he dished the raw
Had the whole precint on him, cops sleeping on him
Them faggot ass rednecks started beating on him
Usually roll with a pitch in his fifth, or heat is on him
Was a risk, but the nigga insist, he keep it on him
It's a fucked up world we live in, for all my niggas been maxed in, in prison
Going back to the system


The moral of the story is there ain't one
This is just a tale, take a look at this picture, I'm try'nna paint one
Go into my mind, and see what you'll find
Events that all took place once upon a time


They say I'm grimey, but I'm cool as shit
I show you how to use a bitch, to move a brick
Half a kilo stashed in the uteris
Don't gotta say a word, she observe when I move my lips
She don't sit when she piss, she 'stand up' like Ludacris
My bitch, she'll shoot a snitch, quick fast in a hurry
And then she'll hop her ass on the Ferry
Push the pedal to the metal, pumping gas in the Chevy
Hit my whole team off, serving ass in the telly
And she ride for a nigga, like Kobe's wife
This is Trife, no comparison to Obie Trice
And when she bark, man, that's only right
Cuz she be starting a flick, starving for dick, on her lonely nights
But Tone told me to play it close, before she leave a player broke
He seen her in Medina with Katrina stealing baby coats
Her pops got money, this shit is worth eighty notes
She nineteen and fiend for 'Ice Cream' like Rae and Ghost
Good girl, or bad girl, nigga, they all the same
See it's not how you fuck 'em, it's how you teach 'em the game
You can shape and mold 'em, but you sure can't control 'em
They have you dealing with six, going through the emotions




Yeah, niggas, know what I mean
Trife Diesel, Starks Enterprise, Emile on the track
Kryme Life, Tommy Whispers, Theodore Unit
T.M.F. in the house, word up




People have told me
You have ways of killing without dealing a mob
Well so have I


Yeah, come on, what's the deal?


Yo, pockets is fat like the Good Year blimp
Hollow heads is sterilized in paroxide, waiting for you
Faggot niggas to jump off, your bullshit throne
So I can offer you a tummy tuck
See your stomach is stapled, it's on
It's dangerous down my alley, dog
It's like the halls and I'm outy, dog
Hear the shanks scratching the gate?
See the god Tone standing here for dolo, give you an '89 whooping
Leave your body looking like you was raped
And don't ever come at me sideways, hands in your pocket
Cuz I will turn to Steven Segal, rip your arm out your socket
Ya'll little niggas watch it, I do this for free
Knocking rappers out, trust me, over a clown, I'm not here to make a profit
Nigga, if this was the arts, it be the best kung fu
And I'm Tone Yao Chin, serving ya'll wonton soup
I do shit like disarm a group, drink a 40 with him
And tell ya'll niggas stay the fuck out my loot


My nina, my nine-ah, Medina, marauder
Sabrina, discard her, redeem her, for Allah
Supreme architecture, the beat spark connector
Inject in my serum, infiltrate in your sector


Bobby Steels keep steels concealed, be still
Leave you fifty shot banana clips with free refils
Guns bursting, one person is curtains for certain
Most often fill coffins, no nursing or surgeons
Is needed, bloods depleted, your body deleted
Like unsaved wav files, no way to retrieve it
Best believe it. Tall, slender the cat
I remember that, my moms put gunpowder inside my Similac
My brain untamed,Some claim that son is strange. It's
Cuz in my basement, I keep studios in gun ranges
Plus, I got more Cheese than Sicily
Pizzeria rotisserie, burn MC's out they misery




Aiyo, Ghost, these niggas pussy, mind that take mine
I feel you, form on 'em, yeah, I ain't sharping nothing
I put it in they mouth, I have a nigga kiss the nine
I be mellow, next minute flip, like I just sniffed a line
Ya'll never commited crimes, your rap line forgery
Niggas want war, I invite all cordialy
They assed out morally, how they in skinny jeans
And never fix they mouth to even fucking go to war with me
Oh, that's how you feel, then handle that accordingly
Lay 'em out, bounce before the jake is even on to me
Lay back in the crib, your bitch give me orally
I don't want beef, I'm like Pookie, this is caling me
I ain't with that Twitter shit, nigga try to follow me
Watch you get hit like the Mega Million lottery
I don't got time to be, playing with you faggots
I'mma show you muthafuckas why the call me Havoc, H


So, these killings
When are they gonna come to an end?
Will he ever finish?
Probably the next to see, he must find the Lizard




You just asked me, when will it end?
Hahahahaha, well let me tell you
Once an evil deed is done, then it never ends
It goes on, and it will go on forever...






As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shine can light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines


First of all the foundation, money is the root of all evil
The cream will have you shitting on your people
Living like lotto, everything is everything
Ain't nothing changed but the clothes that my money bring
I'm Making figures that I never thought was possible
You try to slow me down you'll find yourself in the hospital
My crew got the army of Tec-xuses and the Mac-uras
Kid you'll get your cap peeled backwards
For years, I've been trying to blow for years
Getting bent off Mot, spending a G on beers
Living life to the fullest, my story ends with a bullet
Til the coke oil drop to the bottom of the pot
My invincible crew will never stop
If you looking, you can find me rising to the top
I'm a classic, approach my level and get your ass kicked
Floating in the river with your body wrapped in plastic
Im trying to make a half a million triple in size
Before my eyes, another part of my team died
I can still hear his voice while he up in the sky
While the rest still living steady telling me lies
It's like a bad dream and I can't wake up
But at the same time I love it and I can't give it up


I got your life in arms reach, With a slug for each and any
The clip is filled up I'm hitting til its fucking empty
Presenting, the hollow tip crew, take heed to the message that we sending at you
Choking off your own blood watch you face turn blue
Ain't that some shit, the damage that a bullet can do
Make you change the way you thinking, niggas speed while you blinking, too late
On your way home, you left a trail leaking
I bet you next time you'll listen up while I'm speaking
Now you're laid up in ICU for the weekend
At the same time I'm outside getting my thug on
The same eyes got my mind fucking bugging




A drug dealer's dream:
Stash CREAM, keys on a triple beam
Five hundred SL green, ninety-five nickle gleam
Condominium, thug dressed like a gentleman
Tailor made ostrich, Chanel for my women friend
Murdering, numbers on your head while I'm burglaring
Shank is serving 'em, what's up to all my niggas swerving in
New York metropolis, the Bridge brings apocalypse
Shoot at the clouds feels like, the holy beast is watching us
Mad man my sanity is going like an hourglass
Gun inside my bad hand I sliced trying to bag grams
I got hoes that used to milk you, niggas who could've killed you
Is down with my ill crew of psychos
Nas Escobar moving on your weak production
Pumping corruption in the third world we just busting


My teams hot collecting mad cream, we slingshot
My ring's rock icy like a fuck with a green drop
Call me santa with more snow than montana
Camouflage Wu emblem on my bandana
Play fair sight, never in a million these cats bite
Folding under pressure like beach chairs
Drug money, hundred dollar nights plus flights around the way
Burning biggys on bikes its only right
Two for fives 95, five 25s didn't I
Rewind glaciers mixtape niggas throwing eyes
Check dates, my whole crew making they Tec's spray
Shooting ninas off sideways we know it




Beat downs galore, kids walk away holding they jaws
Wishin they had yours, tours posters plus sneaker stores
Balls be gettin licked kid on whatever airline
Restroom style courtesy from stewardess, the bitch washed mine
Shellbox nines never been popped, Knowledge Bill shots
Israelis be hittin me, Bing's death made the store hot
Jewels gleam, niggas beam, whole team labelled wally king
Goldie brought a pair, Chinese man dot him with the green
World's greatest, Las Vegas payed us, rap crusaders
Casino champs, Gods sport the latest
Today's math, fuck nuthin but ass, take Cristal baths
Go half on his robbery, we run up on Johnny Cash
Kid's invicible, back to back screws, Wu's suspenseful
You get lynched, starks will play it cool like a mint
Like a night out, whitey's callin me like a double date
Alkies get the shanks, yo it's swine inside Hostess cakes
Yo my man, check the moral or get deaded
You bust a shot and that big bullet was unleaded
Word up






Yeah, this Tony Starks
Scarface, yeah, we about to switch faces
(It's goin' down) Yeah Kay Slay
(Right here, right here tonight dawg)
(Face Mob in New York City)
(Huh, holla atcho goddamn boy!)
(Don't fuck wit me, don't get this shit crunk up in here, Kay!)
(Cuz you know I'mma goddamn fool wit this shit)


I'm creatin' a masterpiece for niggas
Doin' it Kay Slay, all day, ev'y day, steady up in the 12 gauge
I'm fuckin' your house up, you and your spouse up
You open your mouth up, guarantee you I douce ya
Have 'em writin' about ya, daily I'm in the papers for doubtin' a motherfucker
Stankin' the speculation, you want it, you got it, baby
I'm at you a lifetime, the nigga washin' your window shorten your lifeline
You're fuckin' wit white wine, I'm fuckin' wit nitrate
I'm emotionless when I get 'em, a nigga wit ice veins
Ain't impressed wit status or jewelry, I'm on some street shit
Don't believe in sit in front of a jury, that's weak shit
You talk it, you gotta live it, I live it, that's why I speak it
Exposin' these niggas weakness', Kay I got 'em sleepin'
Reality, fuck a record, don't believe in disrespectin'
And niggas will be to see you while your people got you rested'
I'm reckless

(Chorus)

Mama used to take trips to face to face
Now it's face-to-face, Ghost & Face, Scar & Slay
We gon' walk the path that mama laid
We fail, we gon' see a skull on Dahmer's grave


I remember bustin' out the house from police duckin' the vans
Wit them taped-up broken revolvers stuck to my pants
That was '88, around the time of Slick Rick era
Day to day, rolled chains wit them thick knit sweaters
Who gives a fuck what the D.A. say, they wanna see me pay
Motherfucker this is G.F.K.!
I settle crimes wit metal 9s and I ain't gonna stop
'Til your brains all over the street like yellow lines
Marshmellow dimes, brick be the size of cobblestones
Acknowledge the throne, it's Pretty Tone
I'm legendary and compared to my work on the strip, y'all secondary
I'm hittin' these fiends lovely, my shit be extra heavy
Like construction workers in Timbs, and plus they two box
Two Glocks incase I gotta bump a few cops off
You know how we do in Staten Island, this is Gaten Island, nigga
Not a non-violence sticker

(Chorus)


I gave you a chance to eat, but you chose to bite the hand that fed
You took your shit, nigga, lay in your bed
Who'd ever thought this nigga that we sat down at our table and fed
Would roll on the street and on wit the feds
I used to love this nigga
Now I roll around wit a mask and a strap and a grudge for that nigga
Fuckin' wit me, this adds the fuel to the fire
And I'm about to snap that wire!


We want them new 20s and 100s, Ziplock money
Y'all gon' fund it, we gon' eat big like Big Pun did
And we goin' all out like Hussein's sons did
We stickin' niggas like New York cops wit plungers
So take some advice, there's three bears
Cashmere down wit 12 gauges under the table
Slay got the shotty, ain't that your label
And them other two bears, yo, theys the one that paid you buddy!

(Chorus)

(gunshots)




True mizza-Mast' on the triz-nack
Bob Digi back for a snack
Kinetic 9 in the biz-nack
Raekwon got the triz-nap


We be ridin' fast cars
Weed all in the glass jar
Chrome all on my crash bar
Glocks all in my stash box


Gats burst off, thugs take their shirts off
Five niggas drop off, before I got the verse off
Pop go the Glock, wipe the fuckin' smirf off
Your face, my bitch pulled up in a lime green and turquoise
SL5, five AMG, while you shoppin' for a deal like it's A&P
On the paper chase, like blood, my thoughts circulate
No caffeine, but the submachine gun will percolate
Rikki Tikki Tavi, ya'll niggas Duck Daffy
Get fucked like Daphne, stuck like the taxi
Drivin' through the hill at night to the weedspot
I got two hands but I'm known to carry three Glocks
B-O-B-B-Y, niggas see I, only rock the Wu-Wear jeans, not the Levi
Used to break days smokin' coke and digi
'Til I bulked up to the Incredible Hulk like Bill Bixby
Face green, knuckles burst out like Wolverine
Should I rip this bitch pussy or go pull a sting?
Fatal guillotine carrier, boy, ya'll niggas know me
Wrap niggas in sheets, fold 'em like the roll singing
Sick silky six syllable stanza
Slap simple sadiddies swine sleazy Samantha
She blowin' up my horn, bitch ain't try'n to answer
Bobby Digital, Zodiac sign: Cancer




Yo... yo.. yo..
Yo this is P. Tone, 5 minutes from the Park Hills, Staten Isle
I do bad, only when the Mack good to stay balanced
You shoot me? I shoot you, best bet's to finish me
Cuz if not, if I get the chance, I'mma do you
Your shit all off the hood, the clips go buckin' me good
The shells get stuck in the wood, Starks is a veteren (uh-huh)
Clarks, jewelry, bitches, jeans, darts is his medicine
Y'all can't build me, your technique's Ecederin
Look, I will take my time in the bushes, right
Paid up people no mind like I'm crooked, right
Shoot a nigga on down, do him somethin' right
He on the floor, tell his grams, "yo I seen the light"
The red car it just pulled off like Un Hall was drivin' the joint
Faster than ya had ya the fifth smokin' lookin' moist
I ain't know what to do so I told the boys
I'm not a sucker look, y'all mothafuckin' made noise




Ice Water exclusive, Bob Digi
Kinetic 9, Killa Beez
Straight up, Raekwon the Chef
Bizza-bizza-O Di-di-Dirty Bas-stard
Gizza-gizza-ga-gizza-gizz-ga-Ghostface Killah, Killah, Killah
The GZA, The Genius
Mizza-mizza-mizza M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Straight up, Masta Killa
The Inspectah Deck, U-G-O-D
The B-O-B-B-Y tck-tck-pssh



Yeah
Word
No doubt
Yo... yo...

Verse One: Ghostface

Wally champ so amazin, the suede shoelacin
Up in the Sheraton, just got hit for five years probation
I got a dental appointment at two o'clock there go my gold ring
Much later catch a flick or go hoeing
Yo there's somethin heavy on my mind from last night's crime
Spoonface shot Gel in the back with Kiv's nine
It was two men, tighter than a hiker with Tims
Like blood brothers, problem was they lust each other woman
For instance, Gel seen Spoon in DeMoore
He wet his whiz(tle), got his seed an headin towards the door
They came out of eye, face to face, they embraced
Gel blew a kiss and looked Spoon girl in the face
Her face lit up, and grinned with a smile like what?
That sneaky f--k, same bitch that got my man hit up
Out in Brownsville, where the thug life live to kill
Where bodies is worth two for five cause it's real
Fast life...

Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast life, that's the only thing I know
Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast Life, that's the only life I know

Verse Two: Andre Rison

Yo my man got more power than gunpowder with ammunition
Blowin up the fireworks and the n----z ambitions
On the come up, she gettin done up, behind closed doors
Doin freaky s--t, on elevator floors
I want her, like Sonny wanted Cher
She was his diamond piece, sex wasn't for lease
Rest in peace, somebody came up deceased
R.I.P. on that grave of the slave of infatuated ways
God couldn't save
F-A-K-E, L-O-V-E
Fake love you see
Never lasting through eternity
Living life in the fast lane
The fast life... it's the fast life
Fast life

Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast life, that's the only thing I know
Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast Life, that's the only life I know
Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast life, that's the only thing I know
Fast life, cause there's nowhere I can go
Fast Life, that's the only life I know




Turn the track up a little bit
We need to rock in here

I wanna make you happy


I'm not at all happy or elated, this category ain't my favorite
It's my story, I'mma state it, you could love it or hate it
I'm just a misfit blessed with good dick and intelligence
Hood nigga holding no grudges on petty shit
I started, why are we cold-hearted, so guarded
Scared to get hurt, trying not to love the hardest
That's garbage, remember when we loved each other
Bathtub scrubbed each other, chillin', champagne spillin'
Uh, feelin' like the shit gon' last forever
Time went so fast, we had a blast together
Laughs we had, friends we spent time with
Now I be seeing your friends out, then I'm reminded
How we all used to gather up for the holidays
Now your friends all nervous to speak, they act afraid
I was your bestie, how it get to this
As I reminisce, takin' off my MJs in my empty crib
Mary...


I wanna make you happy
But you just don't see it
I wanna be around, babe
But I'm so tired of competing
We say all the wrong things
Till we make each other cry
What are we doing?
Will it ever get better?
My heart, my soul
I gave, it's yours
I can't get back
All the things that I lost
Boy, I love you
But you're pushing me away


I gave you everything that I got
Watched my feelings walk on by
Ever get sick of trying?
This is how I feel inside


Now I was hoping
We'd get through this together
You said you'd love me
Through all types of stormy weather
Wasn't it you who said
We'd be together for all time
But it keeps messing with my mind
My heart, my soul
I gave, it's yours
I can't get back
All the things that I lost
I need you here near me
But I can't make you stay




I never thought that I would have this feeling
Do you think for once that you can truly mean it
Wasting so much time disagreeing
See, I'm to the point where I don't know what I believe in




If you don't want this, I don't want this, I do my morning crunches
Play my jazz, pray to the east, and watch the sunset
Uh, but yet I was blowin' you up the other night
Could tell your girl was telling you what to write back
Tell me why it's like that


So make up your mind, boy decide
We can't go on like this, this ain't right (it ain't right)
Feeling really bad, feeling kinda low
Think it's time to go






Feelings. The emotional side of a man, woman or a child's character. A response or tendency to respond. A belief, which can be vague, illogical, but mostly, irrational


I never gave a fuck on how the next nigga felt
I rocked a heavyweight belt cause that's the way I felt
Still feel, so inspired to write a rhyme that's ultimately
No other emcee could get with me, is way I felt
Don't forget the first time you heard me rhyme the way
The first time you heard "Protect Ya Neck", the way you felt
Like no other hip hop record ever made you felt
Cards dealt, played my handle, when no matter how I felt


Every time we touch the mic, you know our lyrics is felt
Worldwide, live, polaroid shit, all my homies is
And we ride out to all of our music is
Yeah, we gets busy, teach the youth  because we know how it felt
Give em Knowledge of self expressing in a way that it's felt
So each and every person to recognize what they felt
Watch your mind state because the evil could be felt
You never know, how when I first came out, how my brothers felt
I've been going through it, plus a lot of deep pain was felt
We would last for a night, but a better tomorrow


I felt the angel of death breathe
When I felt the four fifths something told me squeeze
I felt like it was the end of a dynasty
Like I was fighting a clique of five Chinese thieves
Karate slippers with slip on's so I kept slippin'
The floor was too smooth felt like I couldn't catch a grip in
Felt like Dragonfly Jones, was Dragonfly Tone
So I kept spitting, woke up when I heard the phone


I never gave a what on how the next rapper felt
I take that rapper's belt myself, I feel how Cappa felt
I don't really need help, use a sharpie, don't need the felt
Marker, walk on water, I see how Jesus felt
No rhyme or reason, just bleeding, my every breathing's felt
This about a thesis that even paraplegics felt
These boys ain't needing, they barely breathing, believe it, seen it
Till you got cheated, you couldn't tell me how cheating felt
I'm not a failure, I couldn't tell ya how losing felt
Might not have nailed her, but I can tell ya how spooning felt
Remember when you first heard the rap and the way it felt
I burned the track with a murder rap and I know it's felt





[Intro: sample (Ghostface Killah) {Trife Da God}
Don't play with me, 'cause you're playing with fire!
(Whooo, smoking, smoking, smoking them Marley Marl's
Smile, smoking, them Marley Marl's now be smoking
Uh huh uh huh, smoking, light them Marley up nigga, you
Smoking) {yeah, yo}


When you motherfuckin' ducks gon' learn, that you playin' with fire
Nigga, everything I touch, I burn
When I spark and that fire heat up, you better run
To the nearest telephone and call the fire chief up
Cuz I'ma hazard, causin' disorder on your recorder
So run along with your little buckets of water
There's not a nigga that can doubt my game or doust my flames
I'm known to cause a panic when you shout my name
Fire, you damn right, nigga, I bang pipes
There's not a fucking room in this building I can't light
I'm the definition when you mix heat with friction
When I walk through I set off all sprinkler systems
I'm that kid with the fiery flow, the fiery glow
Adjust the mic levels or the wires will blow
New York's bravest, meet the man who inspired the pros
Throw on your fireproof bombers and admire the show, let's go


Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (nigga)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (uh)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (yeah)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (let's go)


Peep the barcode, leave the booth blacker than charcoal
Sippin' on firewater, plus I keep a cigar rolled
The human torch, special effects, cannons is shootin' off
Leave body bags full of ashes, we ain't no move to cost
Spit flammable bars, I got a whooping cough
Scarlet red, six forty five, with the dual exhaust
My barrel blow like geysers, pop one in your visor
And cause a meltdown at One Police Plaza
I'm the opposite of agua, hotter than a plate of pasta
I'm the reason Lamar Odom was traded off the roster
The hot stepper, crushing you niggas like hot pepper
The forty cal' squeeze a nigga, my heaters apply pressure
In the kitchen with the gun steaming, six hundred degrees
Feeling like you in the desert with the sun beaming
You can't block me with the sun screening
Ultraviolet rays, shorten his days, we left his blood streaming


Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (nigga)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (uh)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (yeah)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (let's go)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (nigga)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (uh)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (yeah)
Gotta strike while the iron is hot, fighting
Fire with fire, you'll die on the spot, (let's go)




These are the men who lead the crime families of America
I control 26,000 men
Except for dope, we operate in all aspects of organized crime. And if there's one thing I'm sure of
It's that drugs destroy your mind and destroy your home
In the end it'll only lead our country into ruin


We eat fish, toss salads and make rap ballads
The biochemical slanglord'll throw the Arabs
In the dope fiend, vocal chords switch laser beams
My triple sevens broke the slot machines out in Queens
Grey Poupon is Revlon rap, smack pawns, swing like batons
Most my niggas smoke like Hillshire Farms
Check the gummy sole, underneath my shoe lies the tap
That attract bow-legged bitches with wide horse gaps
In steel mills Iron he'll smoke the blow on duns
You run errands, Primatene Mist is afraid of my lungs
Turn my channel, it'll blow your whole bench off the panel
Like eighty roman candles that backfired then slammed you
Every day is like a video shoot, check this shit
I take it back to Playboy, stash guns in whips
Picture afro picks, shish kabobs and dashikis
Thousands civil marched, raised their fists in early sixties


Now check this one, you must have been stupid to miss this one
Donna shogun-ing flip a ton of fashion
Destination be the cash one, I step past one
Don't make me blast one, I'm cold like Eskimo floe
Cappa villain stay chilling take shots of penicillin
Clean out and let the steam out, she fiend to blow out
But I'm equipped with mad white, Morris The Rap got nine lives
I'll take a few hundred thousand dollar dives
And then I still never go down
Until the last round I shine
When RZA do his thing motherfucker, I'mma do mine


Now, where I come from cats be carrying, marrying drug money
Fuck up your wife, get four to life
Cream we handling, Midtown niggas scrambling
Move and examine the fly shit, plus quick to buy shit
Chef, yeah, you know the whole gods astral
Fidel Castro suits plus depositing cash rule
Big time, play it like Canadian wine
RZA's divine now, the sacredness of one's true mind
Now let's get colorful like money green
High roller coaster, Sosa, million dollar nigga roaster
Yeah God, be having my whole steez laced
Now let's rap a taste, connect dots, aim Glocks, train stop
Figaro fly jeweling, tri-color Cubans
Swerving with power Germans and Suburbans
Twenty-four niggas with vests on, my own restaurant
Dons sending my sons membership forms
And still getting this paper scraper
Fake gators from Jamaica, wizzes be passing like Lakers
And it be coming from Lex Louis Rich Liberace
Fetus style and blocking goals like hockey




See me in the club, got a gun on my leg
Select paper and invade all the illest niggas tally up paid, yo
Live Crew meeting, laying in the lab with robes of fly Mo
We hold all niggas eating
Racquetball gangsters, unleash the law straight up
Colorful drawers, bad whores on the weekend
Eat it raw style like Flounder
Fucking with mine or how we design my niggas might find ya
Laying in the Tropics, big dick shit on park
The way his Clarks look, niggas on topics
Moving out, coloured Durangos, picture me broke
That's like picture rich niggas with the same coats
Or rich niggas with the same coke


You can catch us cruising, balling a ship, fully equipped
On a StarTAC, calling a bitch, I'm what you get
When that Absolut and Hennessy mix (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Wu shit, my whole click (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Rub-a-dub, ass in the club, showing me love
Saying Peace to the nigga that thug, I got the drugs
And the .38, snub-nose, striking a pose
Baby girl spilled her drink on my clothes, the new Girbauds
Louis Rich, Hot Nikks, nigga what's happening?
Ain't shit, holding my dick, smoking a clip, thanks for asking
Mashing, the latest fashion
Dance floor packed in, whites, blacks and latins
All in together, together for worse or better
Now I put it down whether it's Methy, Method, or Meth-Tical
Rock, skate, roll, bounce
I'm bound to wreck your body as they turn the party out


All magazines lay fly life we live
The lingo was to let y'all niggas know how niggas rep
I'm set lighting the Purple in a new Lex
Trifling work, let's murder everything that move on the set


I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics


And my mouth stay dry cos I swallow the struggle
I might connect you to a VCR after they plug you
I'm not a gangster and I hate thugs too
I'm just a nigga that paint a picture without a paintbrush too
Without a paintbrush too


Bulletproof Wallets, 20 G kitchens sets made out of Korea
Top Sear, gots to be a lots to see a rocks
Knots we re'd up behind the stove asking how Maria popped Lea
Cursed out Nia, burst out her purse
With the gods you jeer from Star's Pizzeria
Peace hate to be ya, especially when them shots ring off
In slow motion when yo' head hit the meter
You lost two liters, at the same case speeder
Peter slid through shook 'em down for his reefer
James chased Theresa with a hatchet on Easter
Two murders in the hood, we call it double features
Watch how I eat this, freak the best teacher
After prayer with the preacher, I get skied in the bleachers
And your girl, I might eat her
I'm a lover, not a biter
I still catch her for a pizza


You can be as good as the rest of 'em or as bad as the worst
So don't hate me, you better move over yeah!


You fucking idiots!
Wallets motherfucker!
All my shit is bulletproof
Bulletproof projects, bulletproof wallets
R.A.G.U., you heard, you bird-ass niggas
Y'all niggas ain't got a chance




I used to rob and steal, now I make food for thought
Fresh like the air you snort
I drop jewels, little nuggets of wisdom
Seeds that keep growing
Paying my debts to society, so no more owing
Now it's showing and proving, keep the body moving
Exercising the mind is scientifically proven
To increase your life line, strengthen your heart
Eat fish, that brain food will get you smart
Yoga, deep meditational tactics
You no good then just practice, cause practise makes perfect
Stop burying your lies and bring the truth to the surface
Money is the root to all evil, that cash rule
Will have you out there looking like a damn fool
That's the devil's bait, the all mighty dollar tree
Will have your mind fooled by tricknology
Make the right choice, no need for an apology


Them light is the Sun, the Sun's the Father
The Father is the man on Earth, we try harder
To teach one, preach one, just acknowledge the wisdom
Can't figure right from wrong, it's a tough decision
My vision is light, some come to me when yours black out
Follow the footprints as I lay the tracks out
He's a righteous God, I want the best for mankind
Navigate through this war without blowing a landmine
My light shines from the east my brother
Verbally I spit, I'm a beast my brother
March through the blackness, search for the ray of lights
Don't walk bare footed through the grass 'cause that's where the snake strikes
Protect ya neck, evil lurks in the shadows
Darkness is best where the Devil wins battles
The weak fall victim, the strong sound diligent
Guerilla, we gully but manage to stay militant
Super stars, our ego is so top billing it
Follow me son and I'll show you how I'm killing it
These wolves is vicious, assigned to danger
The changer, I'm 'bout to pull you all through a chamber




Yeah, aiyo it's 4 in the morning, I decide to turn over
Pull down your little red drawers and start to kiss you all over
You hope it ('last, forever') I know baby, I hope it ('last, forever')
So I, took off my paisley pajamas I got from St. Thomas
Yo, I love you so much, so let me pay homage
And if you do, yo I promise never break a promise
So can I give you the honors my little Pocahontas?
Play by play, Miss Camay
You like a Zales Diamond in the window, right on display
You just a shining, precised in every curve you cut
And for your daddy, yo, you never have to tuck in your gut
Because I love it like that, stretchmark fat, plus let me show my crunches
To burn it off, just lay right on your back
And let me do my love dance, I pop it to the left
I pop it to the right, I get it all night, come on


Them other chicks must hail to the queen, as I
Put them dudes straight up and check, cuz the queen is mine
(Last, forever, last, forever)
We can be broke, holes in our coat, even still we shine
We got each other through the bad and the best of time
(Last, forever, last, forever)


Yo, yo, I'm lost in love, with nowhere to go
She says I'm a pain in the ass, boy, get to the store
She can say that, cuz we best friends, we play together
She carry my left rib, therefore we pray together
Bury me on top of her, in our graves together
Cuz when she feel pain, I know how to make it better
Talks, some long walks, communication in parks
Understand what she's going through, our listen was smarts
Especially when she's on her friend, I be hoping it leave
I have to bite my tongue, just to keep from arguing
Six days of that is like, who let the monster in
After it's finished then, I can get on top again
Shorty girl's my oxygen, never catch her gossiping
Look it ya'll, this my flower, she gon' keep on blossiming
Long as she is mine, and I am her, we gon' ride the wind
This lady here is all for me, I never have to lock her in






Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl

Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl


Aiyyo, who can test I, the true King of N.Y
Well ever since Big Boy died from Bed-Stuy
I've been, controllin the street, holdin the heat
Shit I only want what's stolen from me (Nah you ain't fuckin wit us)
Rollin with me, could only get you fast cars and
Fuck mad bitches and, dine amongst the stars
But we gettin mad chave in the life we live
MTV's comin over just to feel my "Crib"
Man fuck them other kids! That's how I feel
I thought I said it all in "He's Not Real"
But you beggin me to kill, must want ya brain spilled
I tryna keep cool but it's hard to tame still
Shit's still real man you never shoulda bought it
Must feel ill to see your boss get extorted
Specialize in audits and makin hot tapes
This rap shit don't cut it then it's back to flippin weight
Man I'm feelin great (Whoo!) Pushin mad units
Hustlin is the key to success but could you do it
I been layin it down, the spray and the town
It's about time the rightful owner claimed his crown


Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl

Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl


Yo, I hit 'em up with the snubs, puff the bigger buds
So sinister, a John Dillinger, yeah, I've been a thug
Fire all cylenders, swing with gritty love
Smooth talk, watch a moonwalk up in the club
I'm like Michael Jackson without the glitter glove
Go get it for sure, that's right, a jitterbug
A minister of death, came back to finish ya
At the tip of the missile, a fish, you been a scud
That's right, it's in my blood, damn, what's in them drugs
They make you spit slugs, leave marks in the floor
Yo, I stomp through the yard, I march through the hall
Charles Bronson them hard, Jack Johnson your jaw
If I sell out, yo, I'm copping some more
Get the hell out, or I'm popping the four


While I'm lookin' at the life I left, it's kinda hard not to hate myself
But quiet as kept, right or wrong it's just the way I felt
I might be better off prayin' for death, on my knees I knelt
Still tryin' to find a way to accept, it ain't a way that I can
Help nobody, 'til I save myself, techinically I'm still a slave myself
I gotta climb out the grave myself, man I played myself
But when I look at all the fans I touched
I ask how can a man that's done so much, be treated so unjust
Cause I'm tryin' to inspire the folks, you wanna be them
Cause they sell dope, well man show 'em the ropes
Be a father or a football coach, a role model or a symbol of hope
Take another approach, instead of testifyin' aganist them in court
Handcuffin' 'em and closin' the door, so they can be worse than before
Can't you see they only do what they know


Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl

Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl


Aiyo, my wiz play the flute, I stroll through the forest like
Peace, pussies, trees, hello, how was your day? Have you seen the prince?
Haven't seen him since he pushed Humpty Da-Dumpty fell off the fence
The smurfs fell out laughin', Heckle toe Jeckle at min
They took my medicade card, he's a good friend
Bugs still sniffin', Daffy Duck snitchin'
And heard that crazy Bird took the stand on the Simpsons
Bet you "my golly, oh glory" with a story to tell
Droopy got knocked, now he Muslim in jail
His name is Abdrul, Colorful, Snow White tattoo
She used to send him mad flicks in Cash Rule
And the cat too, old girl who's clackin' her shoes
And that wicked witch broke her broom, clappin' at school
It happens every night, I seen it, shoot outs in Jellystone Park


Well I'm sitting on the goal line, staring at the game clock
Facing a hundred years, 'member Jordan had the same shot
Carolina blue, California green
Jump for the white, get yo' frilly sheets
Ace Hood they go crazy when I'm in your city
Ace Hood, that's what they sayin in every city
I put my team first, we never reheard
We the best franchise cause it's squeeze first
Start the life where I give to the G-code
Drafted outta high school then I hit my free throws
You see them free shows, we call them free throws
Now it cost em 20 stacks just to witness me flow
Chea, on the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things


Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl

Lonely (so lonely)
I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely)
I have nobody (I have nobody)
For my own (to call my own) girl




I'm your highness, your highest title, numero uno
Putos, they clone  like Naruto
Your man super, grand groover on that Sambuca
Mass mover, automatic rap Ruger
Clap back, I bleed for my brother
You know, the wolves stay fed cause they feed on each other
I got a G for a mother
Cynthia's son, take the game like three at the buzzer
Harder than the prison wall, hitting y'all all
Up in critical condition it's official when my clique involved
Listen y'all, Sir I certified
Anything other than the facts are falsified
They idolize I, well i know wise guys, leave em eyes wide
Inside the gravel pit, spitting cyanide
Darts flash, hot enough to warp glass
When the shark pass, piranhas park 


I'm kinda swole, cause everything I want I got made
I never feared, got everything from choppers to blades
They gave me rags and all of them they knew I want haze
When I was spliffing that night, me and the  with K's
Some kids across town thought I was amazed
Knew I was fronting, I had the army in range
It's most of us popping pains, selling drugs in the rain
Trynna make money, maintain and build me a train
Deal with facts only, no slang, that's only for dames
We will run up in the building tags and niggas with chains
Rocking range, lock and aim, take your sneakers and chain
Leave em snubbed, outta luck, you shoulda bought you your flames
But you didn't, this could happen to a king or a queen
Be on point next time and don't be bringing no lames
Cause if you fuck up the next time it might make you famous
Might bump into a gunman who only want brains and shit


I'm talented, yes I'm gifted
Never boosted, never shoplifted
I get the cash, see money over tricks and
But keep a snow bunny in the kitchen
The hood still love cause I'm different, see that's the difference
I talk greasy, my hands greasy, that's the chicken
It's that easy, my flow phat cause I'm that greedy
You got to feed me in stacks, what up to Crakk Peedi
State property, racially profiled
State trooper stopping me, I'm low down
Dirty it's a shame, I should slow down
Kick off my shoes, put my coat down
Separate the oil from the coke now
Pennies I got plenty and I still want more
Kinda like a Beamer '35 I still want four
85% still don't know
That is a hundred percent and y'all rappers tryna steal my flow


I got a name from everything from con to Sway
I got my row stitched up by a Colombian name
I got a crack spot, a G5 I never flown
I got a shark, a dog with a solid gold bone
I even copped me a piece of mind up in the Buddhist mountains
I don't sweat money, I got ten accountants
With fly bitches butt naked in Bermuda
And buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose and big Ruger
The fact is, I pose for low in Gazelle glasses
The booth Ted Dibiase just tripled the carats
And you can tell by the style I choose
I'm creatively superior, I rhyme over the blues
Never lose, never lost,  of the frost
I got a whole clan and Tonetana's the boss
I get paid when my record is played
To put it short: I got it made




Get it!
Haha, Funk Doc in the building, bitch
Ya'll already know the business, nigga, haha


Yo, let's get it, yeah, I'm with it
Streets on fire, I'm frying my dinner
Quick like Sugar Ray Leonard, one love
Any boy get served like tennis
Menace, you call a rap bulldog
Me and my pen form into Voltron
Cold, my heart built with a snowball
And I fuck old women like Zohan
Roll on like Mitchum
Barry Bonds this bitch when the beat start pitching
I'm broke, my ATM ain't kicking
But what I drive, I build expensive
Look at me, nigga, I got it
In pocket, ask Houston how I 'rock-it'
If I go hungry, you getting robbed
By me, Biggie Smalls and The Delfonics


Yo, man, yeah, yeah, take it back to Rae shit
Straight off the muthafucking concrete, nigga
You know how I go, word up, let's go
{Three minutes left...}


Before all the cussing and the gunfights
Don't wanna run Nikes, yeah, scramble when it sunlight
G's in my pocket of juice, blue goose
I'm a goon under the moon, glow on the boosters
Yeah, deadily my sons regret me
Windpipe writing, the mic fighting, respect me
I'm from where it get down, machete your mother
Snatch your brother, scrap you down
You know the deal, when we do this, chill
Catch me in Brazil, ratchet on, little glass of Tequil'
I sware to the real, my real, if I don't win
Then I won't spend, I'm grabbing bill
That's the hammer, I'mma do this, nana
Niggas who hunt, snatch 'em up, bite the clip, the banana
And this is for them good niggas, blow that L
And that blow that well, and watch the book, niggas


Yeah, watch them jooks, niggas, you know what it be, man
Word up, niggas staying alive (Gotta kill these voices in my head)
{Two minutes left} Bunch of fucking roaches, man


Jeter, married to the game without a pre-nub
And she don't act up, if I don't eat her
Damn, now that's what I call a diva
You sick, man? I'm what you call a fever
And I don't put no snow up in my cheeba
Pack a little heater, the game get colder in the freezer
Hit your little corner with the sweeper
Dance with the reaper, sharper than a fuck
Plus I'm laying in the cut like a half-moon Caeser
What you getting is the truth
My bird eye visions spot the pigeon in the coup
Same way I live it, how I spit it in the booth
Next to RZA, ain't no nigga bigger than the group
Stat, fuck that, we come strapped
Bust gats, drug raps, and pump cracks
What you trying do nigga, we done done that
I'm off the gunrack, nigga put ya gun back


Yeah, you slow your blow, boy
You gon' lay where you lie, nigga
(Get rid of the crack, and flush that dust
Hurry, where the L, move, come on, freeze, freeze)
{One minute left}


Aiyo, I woke up in handcuffs, heard the police wanted me dead
Big bullets and splashing all over
Kingpin's still moving that weight
And his main goon burned up a discotech
He's a hazard, classic, nigga, we got a flick of him
He jacked Nate, while he took the picture
And we tapped his crib, bugs all in the jacuzzi
Under the seeds bed, we found an uzi
Trully, and we know about his bitch in Charlotte
Pulled her over, State Troopers found two revolvers
And she told us them handguns "That's my fathers
And I'm licensed to carry those shits regardless
Ya'll just played my man, caught her with a million dollars
Worth of fireworks, coming back from Japan
It's nothing, ya'll police be fronting
And stop looking at my pussy, like ya'll want to suck it, I'm out
On ya'll pussies, catch me next time, bye bye"


Alright, fellas stand back and watch the closing doors
Lock 'em up! Let's go, lights out




You got stacks like the International House of Pancakes
The man makes, motion in bed, watch it stand straight
Your fat body, come and build with God-body
Hardly any chickenheads fake jacks, or rob by me
Youse a covergirl, livin well lady watch the chrome spin
Gorilla grill, check out the million dollar lady
GS spins, niggas with all the wins
Babygirl slide and let the Lex-berg nigga massage your skin
What's your name? Lex, last name Diamonds
Icy earrings shining
What's your occupation? Crazy rhyming
You'se a queen killer, so I'mma fill you like Exxon
Wu and Jodeci is like cuz-ahns
You see me posted at the garden party
Sweat drippin on my fly shit, rollin with some niggas robbin
What, thousand dollar links on
Yo, Shorty got money in the stash, get yo drink on


Everytime I close my eyes, I wake up feelin so horny
Can't get you out of my mind, sexing you is all I need
I would do anything, to make you understand me
I don't give a damn about a thing, freek'n you is all I see
What must I?


What must I say?
What must I do?
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
Freek'n you babe


Tonight, I need your body (I need your body)
Tonight, you've got my time (Girl whatever you want, I would do it)
Tonight, you won't be sorry (You, oh-ohhhhh)
Tonight, you've got my mind (Ohhh, ohhh, yeahh, yeahh)


Shit, I could go on for days, I couldn't go for weeks
I could even play with another body but it wouldn't last cuz I'm a freak
Ahhhhhh, everything you say, just adore everything you do
And now you want to close my eyes, all I want to freak is you




Every freek'n night, and every freek'n day
I want to freek you baby, in every freek'n way, yes
Every freek'n day, and every freek'n night
I want to freek you baby, your body, so freek'n tight


Aiyyo
Sit back, kick up your feet upon my glass table
Grab the remote baby, check my niggas on cable
I got the hey love album, plus Jodeci
Roll this up, the EZ Wider near the ash tray
Full moons, skunk weed up all up in the room
You got the munchies, baby, ice cold milk and Lorna Doones
How you like it baby? I like it on the sink
You freak me, butt-naked in a long mink
Yo, I like my power-U warm, study Islam
Play it off, if my wife call, you're my cousin Dawn
Solomon had many wives I see many thighs
Stab meat like knives, I'm tranqued by your chinky eyes
You're razor baby, this a stick up, throw your legs up
You fake freak in the morning cuz at midnight, you gave up
You had me harder than a roll of quarters
You felt the snake-head, you can't cook, you can't fuck
Chick your act is dead
Hit the icebox wench, grab me a beer or
Can't explain it no clearer, you be the one, lately starin in the mirror
Jodeci style, K-Ci
JoJo, Dalvin, DeVante
All day like Harry Belafonte, yo, yes y'all yes
Check it, it be the Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Jodeci joint, pullin ladies like a hamstring




Take the joint y'all, word up, ninety-six
The year two thousand going on like cousins
Take it out halfdozens, chickenheads I get to pluckin
Uhh, how you like me now baby?




Yeah, uh-huh, yeah, what up?
Yeah, you know how we do, uh-huh, what up


Yo, out of town, bound 95 Interstate
When I had the Cherokee, first and flight plates
Doing 80 all the way, no traffic, really had to hit the brakes
Back then, your boy Tone, threw up a lotta weight
Ran through a few homes, in and out of gates
Buried a lot of bones with Jerry and Jerome
In the backyard, that's how the bezel got the stones
Politicking on the phone, with Cheryl and Sharone
Telling me about how the kid move it wrong
Got dope, pounds of haze, cars in the driveway
She didn't have to say much for me to pick the time/date
Then I'ma run up on 'em, and make 'em pay
I was hungry, needed more greens on my plate
I had a biscuit, and it always stuck to my waist
Yo I'm out here, trying to get this
Gwuap, open up shop, handle my business and game


Game, you know you gotta put that work in and
Just game, stack bread, dip on the feds, and
Game, cuz we ain't trying to take no losses
We gotta eat, and after every meal, we flossing
Game, whether it's snow, sleet or rain
Just game, no sleep, Nike, boots, cleets
Just game, do what you do to get yards on 'em
By any means, do your thing, never starve on


Broad daylight, the weed purple, D gray and yay white
Youths runnin' round with AKs that don't spray right
The block's hot, feds jumping out of back of U-Hauls
Knockin' off backs of the eighths, like a cue ball
The game's sour, it's how the trees make the game power
During droughts, I replace cocaine with flour
Take ya dough, call my man, in the same hour
Minutes later, thirty things on the planes, coward
No question, we smashing your price
My dro sold out like the Passion of Christ
V.A.'s a gold mine, I'm seeing crooks cop Porsches
Twenty thousand dollar ice jet, the rock's gorgeous
My palm itching, cooking up in my mom's kitchen
Nowadays, when time cuts, even don's snitching
It's no need to come to me, with the con, listen
If I don't get paid, they gon' find LeBron missing
Alarm prison, turn in my forecast
Even if I die and go to hell, I get more cash
Than Satan, you don't like this, I know you hating
So when you get murked for your blow, I'll be waiting






Uh-huh, let's go, knowhatimean
Lot of these muthafuckin' rappers
Talking alot of bullshit on these tracks
Youknowhatimean, they dry snitching, throwing indirect
Well this what we gon' 'do, man
We gon' flush all these rats out the system
Knowhatimean, set a few traps
Get they ass up out of here, yeah, yo


For all y'all niggas with them Nextels, chirpin' and bleepin'
On them walkie talkies frontin', like y'all work for the precint
10-4 niggas claiming they hustlers, soon as they cuff ya
In interrogation booths, y'all confessing like Usher
Do the crime, do the time, that's the way I was taught
And fuck surrending to jake, nigga, I'd rather get caught
You got these niggas on camera, frontin' hard with they team
Wavin' they hammers, incriminating theyself on the screen
Roleplaying, imitating some movie they seen
That ain't gangsta, real gangsta niggas generate CREAM
And now you wonder why the FEDS come knock me, infiltrating the system
Don't be suprised nigga, you let those cops in
Plus the record labels is watching, you think they gonna sign you?
You think they gonna put up that bread and get behind you
Reality check, stupid, let me remind you
All that try'nna push ya way through the door, deceased in 9-2


Yah-yo, yah-yo, this is that gangsta shit
Go 'head and roll ya window down and crank that shit
Whether ya red or blue, homey, bang yo click
My New York niggas get money, and slam those bricks


In the hood, I'm a Legend like John, I've never been harmed
On the block shooting dice, holding bread in my palm
Gatten Island niggas, yeah we got a fetish for arms
Berettas tucked in our leathers, strapped with terrorist bombs
Shorties, running around with more Gunz than Corey
Getting high off weed smoke, blowing your funds on forties
You'll be amazed how these rappers try to run with stories
This ain't a novel, muthafucka, this is guts and glory
Pain and struggle, the game will crush you, it's a everyday hustle
You want to eat, you better strain your muscles
Hopeless martyrs, afraid when approached by mobsters
With them grams, call me Sam the way I'm "coachin'" "carters"
With starters, listen homey we can never be partners
Don't get it twisted, handle business with my hands and revolvers
The grown man, that'll touch up your wig, like beauty parlors
Pop niggas, like, how we pop bottles, you do the honors, nigga




Spot you twenty points, and you still can't win
You can't compare Grey Go' to gin, you too thin
Ya'll niggas is hubcaps fuckin' with big rims
If the shoe fit, then your foot in my timb
Masked up, hoodies and gems, I couldn't defend
Your title small, a deuce-deuce next to a rifle
The hackle'll snipe you, disconnect and dis-mic you
Disrespect your rivals, have you dancing like Michael
Moonwalker, uh-huh, platoon bark, goons in the dark
Only lights from the spark, boom-boom in the parks
Vocals in fumes from my darts, lead the roofs on the part
Fuck up your happy home, daddy's back with a chrome
Snatchin' ya throne, you mimicking, you actually cloned
Finish him, I'm crackin' ya bones, diminishing
Real terror, purple men, backed off pistoling
Like them papies uptown, them hammers is whistling




Uh, yeah, 718, criminal grind, Theodore
Trife Da God, yo Slay, what up, my nigga?
Tommy Whispers, Kryme Life, youknowhatimeansaying
Money Come First, T.M.F. we getting money over here
Gatten Island niggas, knowhatimean
Where the guns go off




Aiyo, come on duke, pass that shit, man (I just got this)
Come on man, what the fuck you mean you just got it man?
You doggin' that shit, Ricky Steamboat ass muthafucka
Yo, lemme get that booze, pass me that booze, for him
Aiyo, Kay Slay, drop that shit, baby


This ain't your biggest score, son, this is verbal war
Too much endurance, you never had a chance on tour
Watch me perform, I say some marvelous shit
I got the whole crowd screamin' like "Yeah, that's it"
I'm mack-a-docious, guerilla in the hood, when I wrote this
You know The Source gon' give me a few mics and quote this
No average white boy, my style's too ferocious
Puff trees on the block and I've slept with the toasters
Dug out Janet, jacked off on the posters
Sold explosives, bottle rockets by the grosses
First taste of big money, now I need double doses
Don't need no features, we got Ghost to host us
Theodore Unit, we the new Sammy Sosa's
Guns too big, they won't fit in the holsters
And we sittin' on top of the world, killin' ya'll roaches


Yo, Staten Island got gats, the West got gats
The Jungle got gats, the Killah got gats
The New got gats, the Town got gats
Niggas gon' bust back, come on, what
Medina got gats, Mecca got gats
P-Long got gats, The Desert got gats
Jersey got gats, niggas gon' bust gats
Niggas gon' bust back, fuck it, come on


A powerful imprint of crimes, Hall of Fame
Not only a killer, but a mastermind
From the Hall of Fame, screamin', who deliver the impact
To strike like the lights in the yard up north
(Get 'em) Music for them entrepreneurs
Who made it with the ki's of coke
All the way back to New York, New York
Fed magazine, they don't wanna come to my hood
They don't want the interview, lyrically able to pen a few
Shit, It'd take a million of you, to hold me back
I'm learnin' how to live lavish, triple digits
I'm learnin how to move past it (get 'em)
I'm learnin how to clean my ratchets
Fuckin' with the Theodore Unit, is drastic
Blizzies, half metal, half plastic






Ayo Ne-Yo, wassup son, what it do baby?
It's your boy Ghost, I need you to tell me something real quick
Check the joint, I'm single, right?
But you know I keep mad wizzes around me and all that
You know, and I'm not one to be fresh and all that, but I got my eye
On this one chick
You know what I mean? And I don't want to be bothered by them wizzes
Like that, you know
To have the chance to be up under my wing though
You know what I mean? Lemme hear how you would handle the situation
Real quick, hit me


When I'm single, it don't really matter who it is
Or how many I decide to kick it with
Long as she can understand how I do it
I'm a man with a very healthy appetite for chicks
But when I settle down, find a woman to live for
Still may be a couple cuties at my door
Thinking we could get down like we did before
And get mad when I tell them it can't be like that no more


Girl, though I got a girl
I just don't get down like that, I don't get down like that
You fine, baby you's a dime
I just don't get down like that, I don't get down like that


Understand baby girl I'm a totally new man
I don't live to crush as many as I can
No more, type of girl that changed my whole game plan
She the one, she the one, only one that I won't sin
And I know, girl I know, that you really want it bad
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't tempted
All the things we used to do I knida missed it
There ain't nothing you can give that's as good as this




Ayo I'm laid back on the couch, chain out
Watching the rain hit the window pane, my lotto numbers came up
Just last night I told my boo listen, take off your scarf
Gloves and hat, I got things I need to air out
See, remember that time up in the Grand Marquis
We was poppin made pain up in the grandpa suite
And in that night we made love, the phone rang twice
And uh you answered it, and you asked me who the bitch was
Stephanie, I met her at the coffee shop
Spare what you need, we connected from the gate, we popped
I swear to God there's no other woman that made me feel what I feel
See what I see, this girl brought chills to me
Uh, and the thought of losing you yo is killing me
Your baby's father be hogging, getting all my time
You see I love you yp, you my nigga for life
But if it wasn't for Scrams, word to my momma, you would probably be my wife


Baby, all I can say is I'm sorry
Since I've found me my lady
Thinming about cheating would be crazy
I don't get down








Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory
Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory


Yo, yo
Get the money, they keep it tucked away in a safe
In the back room bottom wine bottle with grapes
Hit 'em where it hurts, they can't find shit cause they broke
Snatch chains, wallets, bitches front row
Tear the clubs up, all social events
If a nigga act tense put a hole in his fence
This ain't for fun but it's fun though
I gotta run though, money ain't shit watch me burn a few hunndo
Tear the DeLucas down like the legend of Tone Starks
Tie bricks around his ankles, have him swimmin' with sharks
Dynamite they safe, lookin' for heirlooms
It's personal, I want the keys to the tombs
Kids college funds, crack they foundation
Connects to the banks and the police station
I want those faces rolled, truth behind the legend
Did it really go down, or it's just my obsession?


Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory
Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory


Day dream of a Ruger to the Luger 'til the city is ours
Money, power, and the powder I would murder with y'all
In the name of King Kane "New York, New York!"
The city of dreams, stained sidewalks, and Mac 10s, flex my fifth
Search 'til it hurt, records from the retched abyss
Murdered them, they scurred, reck him 'til he reckin' his shit
If he alludin' his life worth losin'
Kane said a record earned is a pot of gold
Prize a loan, put a marble floor in my momma home
Never need a loan, put the rest in the bank
We a army, only thing we missin' a tank
Couldn't harm me, keeper is my brother for the record
I'm a crazy muthafucka, blood stains on my knuckles
I'm a slugger, fist kill his brain
Load up a weapon in the name of King Lester Kane


Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory
Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory


Hey yo we crushed 'em, last spot left on the list
Crack the safe and peeled out twelve sealed discs
Lookin' Illmatic, wrapped up in a robe
They were records, each one marked with a code
It said "Do Not Play" in big bold letters
The DeLucas pressed, stamped, engraved Vendetta
I think we hit it, ressurection of Ghostface
Shoulda known they had that shit hidden at Tone's place
Hit Logan sip chilled Don Maretta
Big glasses of wine bringin' sharp chedda
Get the vinyl to headquarters, asap codes
And tell Lester we hit the mother of all loads
Pagin' 911, meet back to the burghs
They gon' want revenge on the squad and all that shit
We crippled 'em, but they go deeper then white meat
We got blood on our hands and war in the streets


Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory
Get the money, we out here to pillage and loot
Crack safes, watch DeLucas' blood gettin' spilled
You can't take over the truth behind the story
Let Ghost legend live on in all its glory




If you got it, light it up (8X)


Ain't no shook in 'em, Pyrex pots is hot, fiends is cooking 'em
Little niggas hugging the block, cops is booking 'em
Women hugging they purse when they spot the crook in 'em
Back when little J got shot, pops was whooping 'em
Little noses dripping with snot, ock, now look at 'em
The ghetto got a hook in 'em now, drugs, stay pushing 'em
Used to throwing dirt in these blunts, now, it's kush in 'em
Used to tell these chicks to shut up, now, he's shooshing 'em
Get cash, get that ass or put a foot in 'em
Iron Flag, flag that cab, Bedford and Put-e-nam
There ain't no puss in 'em, dick, dildo, or gush in 'em
Niggas still got that juks in 'em

 + (Raekwon)
If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa)
If he drunk and he run his mouth (Get 'em out ya way pa)
If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa)
(Get 'em out ya way pa, move, move, move)


I'm seduced by the chrome, it's a ruthless poem
It took a little time to get his juices going
Producers know him as the kid with the Iron Palm
Righteous hammer examine the firearm
Approach or get fired on, permanent chest scar
Empire Strikes Back, check out the Death Star
Bless y'all, wet y'all, do the impossible
Where I'm from we use dum-dums in the arsenal
Highly sparkable, get stretched off the knuckle check
Known to scuffle, I take it to the upper deck
Universal conquest, kung fu buckle vets
In a dufflebag, max yo, a couple techs
Give 'em ear hustle, Wu brand we programmed
Next time we dance, it won't be a slow jam
I fear no man, son you get lynched up
Nigga bitch get Frankenstein stitched up




Yeah, voice skipping off percussion
Give it to 'em how they love it, slow flow, deadly, beloved
All praise the daunting calm yet
So alarming, without a word being spoken
A thought with no voice, just a nod and a look
The contract was took, straight cash, off the books
A major pawn took a Don, look, he's armed
With a few black rooks from the heart of the Crook
Shook ones look while they hung him on Hercules hooks
They found his body near a shallow brook, escaped on foot
Switched the look up, out of state, he got the hook up
The flipped cake, thought lighter than the feather
Yet heavier than weight when my mindstate starts to break
Take cover over RZA instrumental
I'm damn near invincible, it's simple




Tell me, what are they like?
They got holes in the top, five round holes
While I was watching, this stranger, hit them
But his fingers went right through the bone
So then, they've... mastered it
It's some style of kung fu, you know it?
The Skeleton Claw




I was born and raised, in the ghetto
I was born and raised, in the ghetto
I was born and raised, in the ghetto
Listen to me, and just lay up


Park Hill Projects, one eight pound
Holding it down, that's the motto, 'lo goose and lottos
Blunts on the regular, O.G. style
I'm into old V's, swinging in cabs, slinging them OZ's
All I know is running in fiends' labs, hitting the green bags
Visualizing Chef in the green Jag's
Wait til I get on, the haters gonna hate it
In this corner, a rich young don with a crisp lab


*humming*
Brother, listen to me
Brother, listen to me
Listen to me, and just lay up
How do you make your bread in the ghetto?
How do you make your bread in the ghetto?


Hustling, hustle & flow
We make bread in the ghetto, by selling that crack
See niggas that make bread by busting the gat
Might stick a nigga up, stab him dead in his back
It's a dirty bread game, but we get through them stacks
Bread game, rather have bread than fame
Some sell pills and weed, it ain't no joke
Might sell anything as long as we not broke
So if you getting that bread, we be coming for your throat
It's crazy what a brother might do for the bread
Might violate parole til ya family is dead
We get bread in the ghetto, while we ducking the feds
I heard bread in the ghetto got a loaf on his head, come on


Brother, listen to me
Brother, listen to me
Listen to me, and just lay up
How do you get rid of rats in the ghetto?


Yo, yo, aiyo we ox 'em, duff 'em, stuff 'em in black bags
Torture them, toss 'em out the window with rift rafts
Cuz we don't take kindly to rats in the ghetto
Either your mouth stay shut or get slapped with the metal
Big fat rats get fried like porkchops for snitching
Get your ass hung like a wall clock
It's Tone Stark, Billy the Kid when the gun bark
A wire sticking out his shirt, he talking to NARC!


How do you raise your kids in the ghetto?
How do you raise your kids in the ghetto?
Feed one child and starve another
Tell me, tell me, and just lay up


We like brothers, we came from the same mothers
In the projects, under the same covers
Wore the same drawers, fucked the same whores
Rolled dice, kicked rhymes, did crimes in the same hall
Sprayed our names on the same wall
Yo, your kids knew my kids, your wiz knew my wiz
Now you caught up in music and showbiz
If that's what it is, then that's what it is
Run up in your crib, with twelve black brothers
That'll digest to live, die just to live
Some called us martyrs, some called us fathers
Run up in the club like the suicide bombers
We be the brothers, ready past lovers
Never wanna see us, blow, we not others
Somewhere in the competition, friends got lost
The money got flipped, your tables got crossed
Now you all caught up in that label talk
Brain dead in the grain of thoughts
With a name and a game that can change New York
We ate from the same fork, pop had the same thought *echo*




Yo, summer time holding the nine, split the Vega in half
Jeeps rumble and my dogs puff grass
Bank stopping, hide your rocks, hydraulic
The kid with the most knowledge will obtain and touch top dollars
Hold me down, hand me my cake, dusty, bake, activate
Fuck your corny debates
I'm like cake or maybe like ten thousand dollar rabbits
The kid walked through, switch up his accent, now I'm from Paris
Cash the bill, frozen elements in gold
Signs from the most high causes me to break the mold
How the fuck was y'all niggas thinking? You think I fell off the ledge?
The legendary Ghost Deini might be dead?
Never, impossible, pull out black burners like tonsils
Two Gallants, hitting if we got to
Busting at y'all niggas daily
Wall to wall, Hawkins
Sucking your teeth cause God chain-talking
Like Ghostface this, Ghostface that
Ghost sold crack, now his revelations spoken through rap
Velour-ed down like the Sheikh of Iran
Gasoline CREAM wrapped in hospital bands
Model vans, Michael Davis, it's me against housing
Extraordinary pro-black, sold God creations to control thousands
Catch me at the flicks, Apollo rap Frederick Douglass
You know what? A-yo, fuck this
A-yo, how can I move the crowd?
First of all, ain't no mistakes allowed
Here's the instructions, put it together
It's simple ain't it? Well, quite clever


Marvin, Marvin, you were a friend of mine
You stood for somethin, ugh
2Pac, Biggie, ohh how we miss you so
We want y'all both to know
We really love you so


A-yo, I'm Gucci down
Wally boot, Jamaican hat, long 4-pound
Ask niggas how I get down
Don't speak much, deluxe plush imaginations
Hold a note like Willie Hutch
You might've bumped into me on the Rikers bus
Weed in my cheeks, gem in my beauty sleep sleeve
Dead serious, knowledge by 2% triple geese
Come on, we juggle mic's
Three Card Monte, amps advance to the final
Show these niggas how the way we dance
Hot night, Jamaica
Came through in a booger green '68 Pacer
Mad paper, high as a fuck
Truck, two rappers got stuck that night
I ain't saying no names, they know who, thank you for the chains
Outdoor event, New Year's Eve, Cali weed
30 seconds til we tear and decease
Quick, call all my seeds dipped in the crowd
The ho spotted me, he knew not to call my name out
He walked off softly, we exactly
Formed like Christ and the disciples
Black fatigues, lethal-faced dunnie, he held the rifle
We had the whole shit shook
Your favorite rappers dropping they drinks
On the low tucking they links
We made eighty off the books


One of the illest since Magic Johnson, no disrespect
But metaphors'll keep me out the projects
Rap connects'll keep me correct
A-yo, I wrote this on Donnie roof
After his funeral, on one knee
Thinking his killer's following me
So to my nigga Donnie, up there
Can you please tell God that we fucked up here?
You got beer, weed, guns, AIDS
All these obstacles, it's hard to make it nowadays
Why's the Devil winning, some say it's our fault
If that's the answer, you know smoking cause cancer
Let me drop a bracelet, leave a chain behind
My tape stay at the beginning cause that's how they rewind
Y'all know how we dine, we don't eat swine, and we don't drink wine
If you don't bring me some motherfucking cognac, I kill you
I can't feel you
Ain't in my senses, and you ain't in my dollars
I fuck with rottweilers, no leashes, no collars
Brolic scholars, that's Ghost Deini




Ghostface... (Yo, yo who's the boss when it comes to these songs?)
Ghostface... (What ya'll talkin' bout... I can't hear ya'll!)
Ghostfaaaaaaaace!! (A little louder)
Ghostface...


Yo, you can catch me in Z-No's on a Friday night
Or at the Emmy's, Bentley's, Roll Royce, all white
Fresh kicks, star studded up
A ounce of Gertest to hold me til them Theodore and Deini's roll up
Soak my hands in olive oil, loyal to each, Diamond
Shoot out the clock while I'm killin' timin'
Eight-mill just to resign me
My bitches go crazy and pull they hair out when they can't find me
It's like, all he say.. Mr., Mr., D.J
Bring it back like an instant replay
Please, get these wack records off of me
I can't breath, ashtma pump so I could stop the weez
It's like they love garbage (yeah), for God's sake, I'm the real artist
Hear they songs, I'm niggas father's
Under my wing like Sanford and Son
Weird sons, I'm a big gun, like Big Pun, Big L and Jason




I'm like a green and white kickball, I bounce
Spin off walls and cars, the Wizard of Clarks, Tony Oz
In the third grade, I bagged Penny
Well Butter on your burns, guess Daddy was concerned like many
Now Daddy's blowin' 'sherm and Remi
On the road told the bus to pullover so I can shit in Denny's
This is Tone-Tana, spangled banded with four hammers
Bangles get tangled and they cause manners
Money, don't stop, get it, get it, I'm not finished with it
Menaced out, tell your click that Dennis did it
Rock them boats and I copped them ropes
Resurging the mics, I deal with only knives and throats
Hold my tongue around fake niggas
Look at 'em sideways and pull my trees
Ask me to hit it, I'm like, Nigga Please, fuck outta here!
Fuck war with niggas, facin' me, fuckas, step up the gear


Ghost dough and spend it though
Plus got the pen exposed
Countin' mad money and sheep, god damn
Take a look at the radio, shit soundin' shady, yo
Everything I'm hearin' is weak
We got them long biscuits, long clip shit
Run for the hills and re-charge your shit
Come back if you think that you are-are do-do-do-don!




The dopest, flyest, O.G., pimp, hustler
Gangsta, playa, hardcore muthafucka living today...




I never heard a Puerto Rican flow like that, Pun had flow




Holy Jesus, I gotta drop all these toys off
Mrs. Claus, Mrs. Claus, bring me my robe & my slippers
I gotta go!


Smell the pinetrees in the air, sleigh bells are ringing
Toy stores are out of control, and kids singing
That night before Christmas, dashing through the snow
Rudolph the Reindeer, red nose that glow
It's all about the candycanes and Christmas list
North Pole and that chubby jolly old Saint Nick
The little elves getting busy, in Santa workshop
And how gingerbread men keep they buttons on top
Wooden soldiers and chestnuts, rosting like marshmellows
Goodfellas, chocolate pudding pops and Jell-O's
It's the gift, the cookies and milk on the mantle
The mistletoe, that scent from that peppermint candles
That warm French vanilla, mean coat with zippers
Bareskin robe dragon with Versace slippers
Around the fireplace we breathe, shirts are short sleave
We stayin' up all night on Christmas Eve


It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we dress like Saint Nick
Stirring whipcream into that hot cup of Quick
It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we suprise all the kids
Buy gifts for your loved ones and diamonds for ya wiz


I see snowmen, snowflakes, cinnamon cakes
Sisters and brothers, sliding down garbage can covers
Snowball fights, eggnog splashed with Hennessey
Bet Christmas is Christmas from New York to Tennessee
The Kris Kringles, the Jingling Babies
All them late nights wrapping gifts, driving you crazy
And Jack Frost is outside, freezing it up
Got the hood and the goose just to loosen you up
And all the homes is all lit with some many lights
See the trees through the windows, glittered up at night
Gingerbread house, bumping that Jingle Bell Rock
And all them little bad kids get coal in they socks


Ghost knows when you be sleeping
And Ghost knows when you are awake
And I know if you been bad or good
So be good for old Ghostface




Hahahaha, we made it, wish you all a Merry Christmas
And a Happy New Year, hahahaha
And to all a good night, good night to all
To Staten Island, hahah, nah, cut it, cut it off - son




Yea, yea
It's like rap pa', huh? What?
Y'all bitch-ass niggas, what? What?
Leave a mark on your face, duke
Word, uh-huh, you fake fucks
Eh-yo, eh-yo, eh-yo..


I bathe in a tub of guns, dry off with the clips
Now I'm automatic Jack, that's what I've become
Gangsta lean leanin, peach cobbler pockets fit the graham cracker
Outfit you still Dream of Jeanie in
Kings, stay 'greein, nightly prince Of Egypt
Plenty of days I read up, skiied up, whips all beat up
7:30, the sky is fallin, the most of this dyed with dirty urines
It's the dark-skinned Kris Kringle
Crisp bangle material, boggle minds how I popped up in your cereal
Rocks the eagle beat with the rocks pushed in
Pediatric wildin, grippin the floors like cushion
Samuel Jackson, Action Jackson, Mike Jackson, Staten
Dusthead niggas that'll have you laugh, you call
Quicker, and we brawl in big arenas, G&C
Catch me in the spot with a guillotine


In the back of the church, my book be the Book of Life
Donated nothin, hit the preacher wife
This go to all real niggas that be shootin dice
Stashin ya cracks and maggots stick to me in life


Eh-yo we pot of soil, shot our nines of chrome
Just watch how many minds get blown
When I cock mines behind your dome
They gon' find your bones
With your top popped behind your home
Havin a stumb' runnin to find ya phone
B.G.F. and when we the kind to roam
Roll through ya hood and we shine the stones
Blind every dime in the zone
Shit on every line in the poem
And drop a jewel like a diamond in Rol'
B.G.F. war ones, let the fours dump in the forefront with your horse ones
Your body found inside of a Ford trunk, smellin like four skunks
Blast up and cut into four chunks
Shot down and not found for four months
Who playin outfield without a chest shield?
Wanna move? Choose ya weapon of steel
Nigga we 'bout reppin for real
Only take a second to peel
Should've known there was a Tec in the deal, nigga




Listen, man, it's going on 2007, g
I wanna wish ya'll muthafuckas a happy New Year
(New Year, let's give it up) How your 2006 was son?
(Go and get up, get up, ya'll niggas is crazy
Ya'll know how I get, my 2006 off, nigga I broke two of my toes, nigga
It's going down nigga, that's what's up, ya'll niggas is crazy)
That's why you came to the show with, um, peanut butter on your toes, that day
(Nigga, why you gotta bring everything up? Man, everybody here enjoying)
Nah, son, because your shit's --- (crazy, a happy New Year
This muthfucka) Nah, boy, yo (no, man...) But your shit was looking mad timid
That was the funniest shit in the book, that day (Find out who...)
That's your toes right there! (Who the fuck said I broke 'em)
Yo, how you put them little baby cast on there? (Just a little punk ass nigga man)
How you put them in the baby cast like that, though, son?
Come on, son, that's what I was, that shit, yo
Let me tell you something, I ain't gon' front, yo
I love you and all that, son (then say that!)
You my first cousin, (then say that, Ghost, say that)
You my first cousin, though, but come on, man
You know how it is, son, I ain't seen you in years though
(You know how I get down) How you had peanut butter on your toes though, son?
(Cuz the nigga asked for it, man, shit I fucked a nigga up, man)
Yo, it's New Year's, yo (get back to me, muthafucka)
Yo, it's New Year's son (fuck ya'll niggas, this ain't no
Yo, Ghostface, my gold is fifty hundred, I want my money)
NINE! EIGHT! SEVEN! SIX! FIVE! FOUR! THREE! TWO! ONE!
I love you my nigga, Happy New Year's!
Fuck that, let's get this paper!


Yo, yo I was sitting at the table thinking
How the hell do I murder these M.C.'s, sting 'em like bees
My attitude's that of Hannibal, not compatible
Why I would damage you, fuck, if I drink, then ran with you
Ya'll chose to war, so called rich niggas wanna verse the poor
I'll rob you first, then go to your earth, it's not gon' hurt
If you try calling the cops, it's not gon' work
All you gotta do is lay in the dirt, we dug a hole
And my guns weight more, yo, then Gerald Levert
With more blubber than a Ruben Studdard, I grease the pan
With rhymes, and ya'll can't believe it's not butter
I told ya'll to chill, stretch all out like franks on the grill
With a classic deal, I'm like a farmer when I'm playing the field
Just painting my seeds, in 20-06, it's time to build

"Ghost is back..." - sample 4X


Yo, I cooked up the beef, seasoned up the meat
Fried 'em, tried 'em, took it out the grease
Ghost came to steal the show, since you loving your broad
I'mma lay back and reveal your ho
She a brain therapist, chick you can't kiss
Opened up her legs, like "ooh, I smell fish"
Yeast infection, queen, she love dick
Shivlered up tits, she'll bang the whole Knicks
Now how can I salute you, kid, I'm planning to do you
Crucial, blow rugers at who you with
We bump heads while we out in the street, it's all good
My trigger fingers'll matter, kick the back of your feet
And your red monkey jeans, is looking like a scene from Baghdad
That's bad, flags red, dirt beds
Ya'll niggas is eating, crystal meth' heads
We pissed out, wrist out, with the best threads
Knockin' niggas off, knockin' niggas out
Fucking up rappers is what I'm about
I'm holding Staten Island down, ya'll cats must be dead
Keep fronting and lose your head

"Ghost is back..." - sample 4X


You can decide on who's liver
Toney Knight Rider, wisdoms love my saliva
Slobbin' 'em down, hoggin' the mound
Pitchin' 'em eightballs, robbing the town
Don't let your gangsta, get you murked up
Faggot ass homeys done got you worked up
Rappers can't come around, ya'll wide rap is dead
Freeze, nigga, come off the bread
Whole horizon, hit 'em with toast, a rap arising
Ringing the boys bell like Verizon
Eyes, looking suprised, that the four-five
Yo Ghost, don't even do it, I got some more pie


Word up, aiyo I'd like to give a mean shout out to Staten Island
Holding the boy down, ya'll know what it do
Theodore Unit, Big Trife, Wigs, Du-Lilz
Yo Supa! Ya'll know what it is, man, yaknowhatimsaying?
My West Brighton niggas... let's see that money come first
That's right, yeah, get up in that building
You tell L.A. Reid and them niggas to crack that safe
Word up, cause we coming, J-Love
Aiyo Den, what up, Ice, C-Allah, what up, yo Un
You knowhatimean, yo, Buck, hold ya head.. aiyo Bean
You know what it is, tell E, I said what's the deal, man
We gon' get this paper, this year, yo Irf, you know how we do
I ain't even gotta say that much, TaVon, come holla at your boy
I know my jack be off all the time, but yo, that don't mean shit, nigga
Come through and holla, nigga, word up, this what it is
Yo, S.G., that's my son doola... ya'll niggas keep ya'll hands off him
Youknowhatimean? Yo Ant Acid.. what's the deal, aiyo Tech, yo Plex
Your boys here, nigga... word up, it's all about paper this year, nigga, word up
I got mad babies to feed, I got bills nigga, one...
Wu-Tang for life, Cappadonna, Raekwon, what up?
"Ghost got the juice, now"




When Ghost threw this rhyme at you
He made up his mind
That every little thing he does
Be designed to entertain you (yeah)
Ooooh (yeah), his whole life through (that's right)
He's been walking through the rain (rain)
Until the day he rhyme for you (uh huh, uh huh)
And the sun came pouring down (tell 'em girl)


Ay yo, my rolls be Liberace
And my bedroom is off the hook all day, designed by Versace
Y'all just watch me, this is how I blow up
Right when y'all finna leave the joint then I show up
Star-spangled up and my chain got cuts
Mr. T looked, saw my shit and went nuts
Starks stays in luck, truck
There's a new gangster in town and he's coming up
Staten Island's cap on hoes with most info
Crown Royal bottles in the back, blowin Indo
Fly shit like Curtis Mayfield and his intro
Throw this in your whip, convent, your tens blow
Yo' I kick the ill rhymes like this
Y'all niggas really never wrote rhymes like this
C'mon, stop frontin at a time like this
Pretty Tone in the house, you better hide your bitch

(Chorus: *Singer*)
Ghost showers just a sign of the power
You feel in you, oh baby
Ghost showers got you by the hour
You're dancing, too, oh baby

(Ghostface)
Behind the wall action
Barely spaghetti jewels, machetes for y'all
Little Debbie say "I bet he do"
Big bellies to big tellies, Jim Kelly's, we flip cellies
It's Lils, dusted out heavy in the big Chevy
Kicked the ill rhyme, nah, nah, I said it before
I keep the club moist, ladies throw they panties on the floor
Action, Atlantic City lights, main attraction
Slick talk, jiggy at the door, got the gat and

(*Singer*) + 

Oooh, you know that rhyme won't end

Makes your day worthwhile

It takes your day that's sad and blue

On a ride to far and move

On that dark and troubled sea

Ghost showed you the light

And now you're dancing so fast and so free

They're leaving stormy skies behind


(Ghostface)
Yo, who got the biggest burner?
Ask the Terminator, Wes Snipes shit plus Ghost meets Vegas
Stage show magician, dip with with a bunch of candy
I got a lot of babies, y'all ain't family
If y'all don't hear me, y'all don't feel me
My album is bulletproof, y'all can't kill me
In 2003 the lease is up
We on the block now, no need for y'all re'in up
Pop your seat up, chop the weed up, excuse me if I'm horny
No doubt, I might knock the beat up
Florence style, all up on the set freezed up
All player haters get swiss cheesed up
Muthafucka if you with me, throw your hands up
Look, money at the bar, pick your man up
Me and Reese Piece is like diamonds in the rough
I need Viacom money, but rhymin ain't enough

(Chorus)

[Ghostface talking through chorus)
Yo, Starks Enterprise, yeah, c'mon
That's right, you heard, party muthafuckin people, yeah
It's like that, straight up, nothin but the top, bitch
Yeah, that's right, that's my shit
This shit make you wanna go...yo'
Feel-Ghost, feel Ghost, feel Ghost, now flow it, now back
Hop, hop, hop, word
(talking to fade)

(Bridge - *Singer* through 2nd chorus and Ghost talking)
Where do we go, where do we go, where do we go, go now from here?
Ghost showers got you by the hour, holding you, taking you, blessing you
Ahhhh baby, the showers




Since rap got locked right before we visit the '90's
Chef in the kitchen, cooking up with the crimies
It's late fall, dime season, we bought the crib
Next to Bill Clinton mother, cause she fuck with the Chinese
They hitting niggas with heroin, it's fourteen of us with Beemers
We won't stop pitching the ChevronIt's packed, kid, black kids don't know how to act
They flashing macks, Gillette's, a couple of stacks, yo
The systems is 'oopid', yup, shorty with the pumps on
And dunks get provided and scooped, kid
And bloodhounds is hating, they knowing how the kid get down
Silent shotties with grenades, I'm waiting
And everybody love vintage, you see like 4/5 niggas
With half moons and wave intentions
What's really good? The 'dro hit 'em, killed 'em in the hotel
Heard he had some old chick with him


That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
Acknowledge me all day, and understand Wu is Wu


Yo, but on the other side of town it's Tony, laid up
This white chick want to gargle my nuts
I put the Bailey's down, tap the blunt out
Grabbed her by her hair watch blondie-love whip my dick out
Spit dripping down my balls, she slobbing me
That's right, suck that dick, get it hard for me
Pyrex in one hand, large amount of grams in it rocked up
And she pregnant, my little man got her knocked up
He popped up (oh shit), I'm like a crooked cop
Richard Gere, big smirk on, getting my cock sucked
He pulled the joint out, a bullet spun out, but it was too late
Already nutted on the side of her mouth
Side of her face, and hair like "Something About Mary"
I can't front, my son gun look scary, chill
She's a whore, you knew it from the time we ran trains on her
And you still went and fucked her raw
Come on, son, give me the gun, you going to kill me over this
Bum-ass bitch, you can't resist
Remember Vel had her in the telly, taking the fist
Watch how you aiming that shit, you should be aiming at Trish
She take a bone like a rib-eye steak at Ruth's Chris
Yo, be easy on the trigger, son, you squeezing the fifth
I only did it just to show you, she's the easiest bitch
He came close, had to duff him, nigga, give me that shit


That's how we make it happen, that's how we break it down
Hood all day, nigga, watch how we take the town
That's why we do the do, just know who is who
Acknowledge me all day, and understand Wu is Wu


Fucking gun motherfucka
Pull a fucking gun on me again, I'll blow your little balls off
Go to the store and get me a fucking 40 'fore I smack the shit out you, man
Word up, while you're at it go to the freezer, get a steak man, for your eye, nigga
Word up
Put some bologna on your face or something, nigga
Make sure my 40 cold, too, when you bring it back
And when you get back, bag this shit up nigga
Word up
I don't give a fuck if you 25 nigga you my son, nigga, word up
That's why I let you slide, nigga, word
Get you a 40 too, and a pacifier, nigga
A bib and a diaper




Uh huh, ladies can't resist, ladies

  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  This we have make di girls can't resist
  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  Make girls turn and twist, you know!!!


This is Ghostface and Elephant
Make them girls come, come and come again
So go get your bike go run and tell a friend
It's Ghostface and Elephant


Hear girls callin (Shizzle) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night
Hear girls callin (You know) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night

 (*Woman Orgasm)
Mi mek she seh (*) When mi put it in (*)
Oonu fi listen in, it hot but she still a scream like Friday di thirteenth
Should a see di foot a kick up
When di dick up and stick up pon who she pick up
Flat pon har back couldn't get up
Neva know a so mi sit up
Regula mi run regula to mi sit up
One 'mount a M&M mi see she pick up
Like a monk she feel mi flick up
She seh Elephant to get di cookin kit up
Oonu tek it back wait a fah she get up
When mi get di legs lift up
Mi bend it and send di drill beat up
Amount pound a ram mi see she drip up
Gal dem seh yah bout a talk we a di boss
Memba seh fi we cocky nuh soft, patty now a we laugh
Girls put inna first class
Champion jockey derby winna yeah we neva run last
Get outta control, how dem so cold
Mi love fi see when body a roll, dem rise inna mi pole
Where dem at dem caan hold
Hundred degrees she ready fi come melt di North Pole


Hear girls callin (Shizzle) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night
Hear girls callin (You know) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night


Yo! It's about that time for me to go in
Now me I'm a, take my time and I'm a, ease it in
Then I'm a, ram it in and don't you be panickin
Whose dick on your clit stiff as a manequin
Bawl you up, fold you up, cut the pillow under your gut
Fuck, cause when we fuck best believe were gonna get stuck
So, take that sugar uh, and that sugar
Don't be scared I make that ass alot bigger
Made you shiver, quiver
Tell your friends put there order in I deliver Ghost that nigga
He hit things that make you come quicker
Like, hit it from the back and feel the long thicker
White chicks or sisters, latin Manhattan
Bitches I stop tappin raggin those ridiculous
Can't resist this nasty black licorice
I let off I'm quittin and rubbin it right where your nipple is


Hear girls callin (Shizzle) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night
Hear girls callin (You know) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night


Yo, yo, yo this is Tony and Ele and we smash them hoes
Keep a half a pound a ganja in the bid all rolls
Lampin, in the far places light we light can't be right
And chant murder and keep the walls damp
From Jamaica to Staten Island, y'all put your hands in the air
When y'all hear this shit y'all start whylin
Pop one for Kingston (Blaow!)
In every hood that be holdin it down in the struggle
Tony starts sluggin

  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  This we have make di girls can't resist
  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  Make girls turn and twist, you know!!!
  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  This we have make di girls can't resist
  This is Elephant
 Ghostface this
  Make girls turn and twist, you know!!!


This is Ghostface and Elephant
Make them girls come, come and come again
So go get your bike go run and tell a friend
It's Ghostface and Elephant


Hear girls callin (Shizzle) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night
Hear girls callin (You know) dem want it all in
Hear girls callin, all night




Yeah, yo son you gotta take me to get them Clarks, man
Yo, check it out, yo
Yo, I got a new, yooo! Niggas don't even know son
Yo check the joint, boom
Yo I got a crazy idea how to do Clarks now
Check it out, boom, this is how you freak 'em, boom
You go get you go get the cream joints right? Boom
Now now, all you all you dye, is this shit right here, boom
And this, you know what I'm saying? Any color you want
But it'd be like, blue and cream, you know what I'm saying?
Shit like that, niggas don't even know
But son word is bond I'ma rock niggas this summer
On the real, know what I'm saying?
Yo son, I had crazy visions
Check it out check it out check it out, boom
Just imagine if you buy, woo! Check it out
Just imagine you bought navy blue, right
A navy blue, a navy blue pair right, boom
Of this, of this shit, know what I'm saying?
But dyed get this dyed cream on top
Just imagine that color like
But you got it dripping like it's marble cake like...


Stand on the block, Reebok, gun cocked
Avalanche rock get paid off mass murderous services
Chef break 'em, watch the alley cats bake 'em
Four-nine made 'em, drop grenades and take 'em
Quick fast we reflect like the sky be blue true
Wu-Tang saga continue
Rap Meyer Lansky crash your fantasy
Getting high fellas stand by, here's the plan, see
Sit back collecting Tecs and cheques and
Blowing slow in a Montero flexing
Beats break heavily word to INS bless me
Throw me like three bags of cess
For real from the Killah Hill locked and caged in
We're sworn representatives, we acting like made men
Strive for wives, nine lives and lies
Max, sell and enjoy the highs, what?


The treasure is the glaciers of ice, orginal man
Possess the power to hold G's guns and grams
Baker baker, pull off a keystone kaper
Point out the baddest bitch in the crowd and watch me scrape her


Proceed with caution as you enter the symphony
Degrees of punishment increase intensely
Syndrome was caused by the deadly drums
But the battle was won by swords being swung
Slicing with a vocal, from the international vocalist
Your style is too local to fuck with this
Offensive antagonist
No assistance, moving motionless
Mysterious swiftness
Thoughts roll down the shaft of the brain
Mental gives the signal to the physical
Whirlwind kicks and hits from every angle
Violent temperaments left continents dented
Poison vintage wine rhymes I invented
Drunk by the drunken puncheons that punctures the heart
Vital sparks from the arteries stopped


The treasure is the glaciers of ice, orginal man
Possess the power to hold G's guns and grams
Baker baker, pull off a keystone kaper
Point out the baddest bitch in the crowd and watch me scrape her


Straight up and down it's all good
Peace to them cheque cashing, chain snatching, gun flashing
Niggas in the hoods bubbling good
Analyze Starks, who be buying lion heads and Clarks
To all my house bitches, Starks'll be home soon
I'm on tour chill, catch me '96 in June
But until then my ten-man team be safe
Chill on the whips for seven months, we can all get laced
Take a boat cruise, sip daiquiris and max
Swimming pools, fly jewels, Wally shoes, blow stacks
Relax kids, black kids got a craving for Cris
Until we get back, unpack, leave the Mac with your Wis'
But whatever, I gotta hit other sides of the Earth
Spread Wu-ness, rule this, civilization's cursed
But luckily I'm born to be wild and then be out
Move crowds collect twenty thou and then be out
Heavy convoys my crew keep pretty boys paranoid
Built like a steroid pat down Dan Aykroyd
My seeds, grow with his seeds, marry his seeds
That's how we keep Wu-Tang money all up in the family


The treasure is the glaciers of ice, orginal man
Possess the power to hold G's guns and grams
Baker baker, pull off a keystone kaper
Point out the baddest bitch in the crowd and watch me scrape her


My seeds, run with his seeds, marry his seeds
That's how we keep Wu-Tang money all up in the family



It's been a long time since the father left in '69
It's been a long time since Wu Tang had the chance to shine
It's been a long time since we had diamonds, gold and drink Cristal wine
It's been a long time of walking around here dumb, deaf, and blind
It's been a long time since you had the Son of Man chant like golden wine
It's been a long time...




Yeah, know what I'm saying?
Wise Intelligent, broadcasting live from the top of Mt. Kilimanjaro
Know what I'm saying?
Hip hop go wherever I go
For real, Poor Righteous Teachers represent
'96 off the hook we're dropping this hit kid
Watch


Lord, how you be, madam G, peace God
Fuck frauds, get yours, kick ass, leave scars
On Mars I built a school to study life on Earth
Thoughts burst, a million rappers murdered in the first verse
Now what's worse than eating dirt, being buried alive
Put to death by surprise in the name of black gods
Ain't I most fly? Young pie don't cry
Dry the tears from your eye and your lover might live
Life to give, life to take, never making mistakes
All wise enjoying everything right and exact
Poor facts, pro-black, Donnelly Homes projects
Learn that time is the same on Casio or Rolex
Knowledge James, chapter two, verse one through six
But try not to judge a man by the price of his kicks
Come off this talk shit  convert words to actions
Cause you know Jersey runs things every time boy
Build destroy, Trenton must make noise
Enjoy the fruits of life, need the wife and my boys
My seed won't need for anything, trust me
Black man, 'nuff land, eight hundred acres of trees
Please the seven seas travel regularly
Degrees consciously study everywhere we be
Family daring he who talks enough shit
And come and get the stitch to fix the split upper lip
The shit providers
Will call us great civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers black


Whatever happened to the Gods and the Earths
They thirst for a pot of gold God's worth is birth
Knowledge is worth more than diamonds
When the mind is shining, surprise us
Gods Earths and 85ers


Dedicated to the Gods and the Earths
Dip dip dive-a, civilize an 85er


Intelligent, twenty-three, now nineteen five
Hold the mic I'll rise right in front of your eyes
In here six years see what I felt every year
Oh yeah it's ninety-six I'm born and understanding, understood
Get the goods, build a school down south
In some remote location that nobody knows about
Teach, add on to the life that we live
God degree, twelve jewels, eat the foot that I give
No pig, strictly kosher mathematics and fact
Poor blacks on track mission to take the Earth back
Cause Whitey got it locked, that's why the whole world's lost
We wearing crowns made of thorns and being put to the cross
Lost souls futures told in the Dead Sea Scrolls
God reduced to a savage lacking soul control
Talking lots of shit about his drugs and guns
Several daughters, 'nuff sons, ain't trying to raise none, yo
Whoa-ho-ho, let me slow up with the flow
Can't move too quick because niggas got to know
The duty of the civilized is to civilize the uncivilized
And make the world recognize
That God is Wise, and Wise is God to the death
And back to life, you Lazarus and I'm the Christ
The forthcoming, like a thief in the night
The wave of light, the key to everlasting life
That shit provide us, to call us straight civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers y'all


Whatever happened to the Gods and the Earths
They thirst for a pot of gold God worth his birth
Knowledge is worth more than diamonds
When the mind is shining, surprise us
Gods Earths and 85ers

 (x2)
Dedicated to the Gods and the Earths
Dip dip dive-a, civilize an 85er


Since I've been away I've been thinking about
How gunslingers turned singers and black culture went out
Wake up all you teachers tired of teaching and wait
Grass roots, pass truth into the ears of black youths
Watch me talk the talk and walk the walk right now
As mystic as it seems, I bring for real to your dream seeing
Midnight marauder got it dipped off the block drug
Street niggas bug cause they know we do it for the love
We rose above every limit that they said we had
Who loves your ass enough to strictly educate the mass?
Come get your cash, fill your mind with swine and dash
For longevity, these niggas we will never be
You will remember we from now till forever G
I am infinity, lyrics flowing endlessly
You ain't no friend to me so don't even pretend to be
Like O.J. Simpson be sleeping with the enemy
I call you out and make the world know your ass is lacking
Quoting some lessons but see no parts of understanding
You standing under my rain, snow, sleet, hail and thunder
That's why you wonder what's causing this to exist
I raise the mist, distill the myths of many currents
Don't be determined except to life forget the death
Nevertheless you're being blessed cause I'm who God is
Don't know the time niggas must be wearing Guess watches
Hands on your boxes, turn 'em up like seven notches
Your Magnavoxes amplify my super conscious
Shit providers, we'll call us straight civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers y'all


Hold it down kid and you don't stop
P.R.T. represent shop
(There's a new set of rules you shall all have to abide by
And the non-lyrical shall be terminated)




This gonna be one of them shits right here, boy
Yeah baby, let's do it


Oh shit, look at miss thing, you done grew into a stallion
Girl, and still don't got no ring?
Back then, you was alot younger, now you older
Broke my heart, on what you had in the stroller
On the low, that could of been me, Huggie down
Fly and handsome, talk about little Starksky
With little Barkley's, little car seat
Two years later, here comes little Sharneese
I'm saying, are you involved, what's up with you?
And where homeboy at? Oh word, ya'll through?
Eff him, you know how I do, when I come through
Shut the whole block down like I got something to prove
But umm, besides the lane, you look the same
Still blowing beauty marks, sitting under your bang
Ankle bracelets, that Donna Kay shit
I saw one rope for your throat, yo, it cost about 8 chips
Hoodrats, they be wearing that fake shit
Like her, she wear the same bag, like it ain't shit
Pardon me, excuse my French
Just read my lips, girl, everything's me


He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha


Yo, look around, everybody sipping on Rosette
All in our business, they wanna be nosey
He's with her, gonna be all in the streets, like a Jeep, tomorrow
Don't worry, let's breeze the bar
And in case I ain't tell you, those jeans is hard
And those is the snitches, mean mugging, can't fight
Run into the po-lice, fuck them niggas
I pull out, like a tooth, when the back is rotten
Finish 'em off, like your menstrual, after you spotting
Ghost can't complain, 5'6", swinging those hips
And my miss got me wanting to sing
Walking down the street, watching ladies
I got by watching you, watching you
I want you, like if I ain't got nothing to do




Somebody better call the cops
Cuz if that thing cock back, it's gon' pop
Once me stop moving, it ain't gon' stop
Whatever that girl wants, you know she got shopping
Somebody better check the swag
We rack up and never check the tags
We just stuffed it all in the bag
Oh, you mad? Well, too bad






Aiyo, what up party people (Yeah, my name's on the guest list)
This is the Wallabee kingpin in the building (As Mr. Maygreen... good evening...)
Right about now, I'm about to show you how good we are (I'm in the club, I'm)


(Good), I look so, (good), the car look
(Good), I'm in the hood, and I'm okkkkkk
(Good), the jewels look, (good), the girls look
(Good), they all from around the wayyyyy
(Good), hey there, (good), look at you
(Good), me, I'm just passing byyyyyyy
(Good), look at her, (good), time out
(Good), I think I'll give the game a tryyyyy


Aiyo, my rose was good, plus my face was good
The way I wear my jeans up over my boots is hood
And my cash is good, the grass, spread it out, over the hash is good
The grasp who be hypecast is good
That's the bird that fucked the game up
Cut the head off lames and platinum niggas, your boy done came up
Got my aim up, favorite bling with a millennium chains
Chilling, in the staircase, surrounded by killings
With bank rolls, bang those, bang your main hoes
You was in love with the pussy, it ain't the same though
Cuz I'm good, she's good, so you should be good
Hit her with the stiff one, she callin' me wood
And we don't love those hoes, with they flat butts caked up
And tipped up toes, need an ill plastic surgeon to fix they nose
Cuz they shit is too fat like an adidas sole
Don't even touch my gold, I'm good


I know you heard it a thousand times
Not quite like my design
You say that's what you looking for
Gator boots walk through the door, now


(Good) Theodore's good, (good), my team is good
(Good) My robes is good, (I'm so good)
(Good) My moms is good, (good), my style is good
(Good) My queen is good, yeah, come on, (I'm so good)
(Good) The days is good, (good), babies is good
(Good) Wifes is good... uh-huh
(Good) The hood is good, (good), God is good
(Good) Everything is good, come on, let's go


Goose over ice cubes, pass the O.J
Two light skinned wizzes, want Ghost, on both ways
Come here, sit on my lap, it's not a gat, sugar
Have a seat, don't be afraid to move back
Feel that? You'se a nasty girl
Big butt, slim gut, I'll crash your world
It's not polite to bend over in Starkey face
Sheer lace, fat ass, got want me to taste that
Lodi dodi, with a coke shaped body
And my jewels hang low like my balls in the potty
And I dare ya'll to try to rob me
Theodore U, we got the army
A-Town to Mariner's Harby
Wild West, Now Born, go hard, G
Killa Hill, Stapletown, Port Rich' kids
Pack heat, like I was pulling out biscuits






When we on the block bubbling rocks, watching for cops
Holding Glocks in and out of the spots, (it's all good)
When we overseas, getting that cheese, whipping the hottest V's
Blowin' exotic trees, playa, (it's all good)
When I'm in the whip, sunk in the six, drunk off the liqs
Pull up, stunting, fronting for chicks, (it's all good)
When we on stage getting them Grammy's, snatching them panties
Jetskiing off the shores of Miami, (it's all good)




Yeah... told ya'll before, another Theodore Production
This is how we go in the 06 to 07, come on, come on






Allah himself
Man, woman, child
The book of life
Starks Enterprise!


Take out the rap kingpin, the black Jesus
I know a few niggas sniff coke and caught seizures
Peace to ten thousand seaters
And all y'all pretty ass Libras
My Tommy dick'll blow y'all ass to pieces
I love fuckin with y'all I got the George Jeff walk
Look how I dance, favorful robes, bows and all sorts
Hold on, who turned the lights on?
Word to my microphone and preach on
Brother, that's that bullshit in my right arm
Crackhead stop it, dope pusher stop it
The father sent me a message and I came to drop it
The prophet is to love each other
Michael Jordan/Jackson, Cosby money, Oprah
They got our love by go get Africa


Harmony, grits, welfare cheese
Whips, cheque data first in the fifth
What Ghost?


Fuck y'all niggas an' fuck y'all bitches an'
Fuck the pictures y'all takin, fuck the whip you in
Starsky bring home the dough now the show is over
(It's over) It's over? (It's over) It's over?


Timberland, crack snorkels, jewels, cash insurance
Tai hold, fly clothes and El Deramo
5 plus 5 O's, one plus 9 O's
Save our self, reach our goals


What if the BIBLE wasn't good?
And good was bad, as bad as it should
It matters, feed em power food
The wonders that Allah will do
Maybe he'll discover you
Look 'em like a couple of jewels
Ticket traum' was old, that plus the God ain't loved the way I move
People see me, G. Deini
He beeny on the cell, seen me?
You need me, you read me
Captain over, get that weed to me
The champion, the vigilante
Ask me what the surface could be
In me like Marcus Camby
Hear me, I fuck with family
Dons, chew on this, the hit list got
All of your names, so y'all lames is hist'
I kissed the bangin-est bitch (all night) that's famous for her tits
Not that tall doofy chick in your hood called Snitch
Come on!


Bentleys for sharp shoes
Similac, Huggies, big Shizam jewels


Infrared shootin at niggas
We back execution niggas
Markin it mummy, he money, he fly bummy
Super wizzers, look like Luther bitches
Still catches ill inventions
Strength, real niggas holdin blitz as real as ninjas
So illable, wheel of promotin like Benz dealer
Instiller, get real for hugs, lets chill feel I'm ill with colour
Yo bacon, straight cake, layin on my paper aces
Fuck all your under statements
Battle us? Battle gauges


A big mansion, real product of the strip scampy
Cell boat, big yacht, and beige Hummer
Summer home, big stones and cologne
Remember heroes? I guess them corner days is gone
Mommy got a house, Daddy got a house
Granny got a house, we moved out
That's right, we moved out
Now that's what I'm talkin about


Smackin all y'all stars and chumps
Gettin cash in the larger sums
Shootin dice in the church with nuns
We come with the biggest guns



Ain't we luck we got em
Allah himself
Ain't we luck we got em
Man woman and child
Ain't we luck we got em
The book of life
Ain't we lucky we got em
Starks enterprise

Ghostface

Tech out the rap kingpin the black jesus
I know a few niggas sniffed coke and caught seizures
Peace to half moon ceasars
And all the bitches in the bleachers
Hot weather sex on the beaches
Jewelry shopping out of the country
Delux luxury
People saying them nine chains look truck on me
But what about the wonder woman bracelet
Two or point three
Diamond cut engraved rubies kid I laced it
I beat vegas
Wu segas I could get shot for sayin this
West nile shit cause me to spray this
Staten island's gandhi ghost the rap whino
These avenger's word will make a child's mind blow

Lord superb

Hominy grits
Welfare cheese
Roach clips
Wic checks dated first and the fifth
What ghost ?

Ghostface

Fuck yall niggas and
Fuck yall bitches and
Fuck them pictures yall taking
Fuck that whip you in
Starsky bring home the dough
Now the show is over
It's over ?
It's over ?

Lord Superb

Timberland clashing off them jewels
Cash insurance
Tahoes fly clothes plus farragamos
Five plus five O
One plus nine O
Save ourselves
Reach our goals

Ghostface

What if the bible wasn't good
And good was bad as bad as it should
It matters
Feed em proper food
The wonders that allah would do
Maybe they'll discover you
Look I'm like a couple jewels
Ticketron was sold out
Plus the garden love the way I move
People see me G dini hit beenie on the cell
See me you need you read me
Captain over get that weed to me
The champion of vigilante
Ask me what the circumstance be
Hit me like marcus camby
Hear me I fuck with family don
Faced the magic man at the soul circus
Wheelying elephants I can't fall off
Show off your last album was so sincere
You had crack head skits
Wody you went there

Lord Superb

Bentleys with sharp shoes
Similak huggies big shazam jewels

Ghostface

Peace party people what's up
How yall feeling ?
Face the god
Now it's time to start kneeling
Yall cats be killing me
Fronting like yall buying bottles
Puny ass sweater on
Yall be lying !

Lord Superb

A big mansion
Real props and shrimp scampy
Sailboat big yacht and beige hummer
Summer home
Big stones and cologne
Remember hero ?
I guess them corner days is gone
Mommy got a house
Daddy got a house
Granny got a house
We moved out
That's right we moved out
Now that's what I'm talking about

Ghostface

Ghost dini
I'm arista rat
Step in the game like
This is rap ?
I thought this shit was this and that
This game ain't jack
I'm about to go plat
This verse right here
Ima wreck this shit
As for the album
Ima perfect this shit
In a class by myself I ain't next to shit
Had to get out the hood
Them projects ain't shit
Want an eight series benz
Cause a lex ain't shit
I want chain truck jewelry
Yall necks ain't shit
We could spit it for mills or
Spit it for deals
When it's over
We gone see who spit it for real
I'll battle you for your bitch
Or battle for your mom
I'll kill you with a rhyme I wrote with no arms
If LL is the goat greatest of all time
That's why I'm ghost greatest of all sides
East side west side north side south side
I spit murder so much
My mother fucking mouth died
Yeah
Good times good times
And mad sunshine
Word up yo
This is the theodore unit
Straight up
Word
Banky panino
Yo and esther rolle
We love you it's good time
For real uh huh
Drop a bomb to this shit flex
Word up
Ayo lex diamonds
Word up im here boy
We out



(feat. Solomon Childs)


Though we stand in the shadow of death
The lord is our God


It's so much that I take the streets back so fast
Everybody thinkin' it's not gon' last
I, got bad news, bad news, brot'man and I'm gon' stay alive
I think you want my bitches, I envy I owe niggas
I'm gonna reach the sky, get on some food and we ain't gon' stop now


I'm like them '86 Brooklyn niggas
Fuck if I cook coke with niggas
Operate over snow, and I brought cold techs for bitches
Drapped out in them goose lick bitches
You fuck around and get your whole crew shot at, blaow
Dare you to pop back, under cars, cryin'
Tryin' to come up out that
Eric B. when I cut, twenty three's on a truck
Like a dust joint, I'll have your whole hood stuck
This is Ghost murder, we movin' like NARCs with gold carts
Throwin' Sports Illustrated darts and watch
Get the blade whip money, fuck your fame to part
The part when you see Starks, duck low
Fuck up a rapper on the regular
Blow his fuckin' arms off his cellular
This is Don Mattengly, Don Bailer, Don King or don anything
A monster, silver back gorilla, pa
Though I sleep outside the bing


Introducing Staten Island
New York, New York, the Theodore Unit (It's yourz)
And we bringin' back the Twin Towers
We military, puttin' control on you cowards (It's yourz)
Introducing Staten Island
New York, New York, told me show 'em how the niggas shine (It's yourz)
This for the holes in my momma's sock
The scene's marked, got them six in a pack for 3.99 (It's yourz)


Bulletproof goose pillows
I'm still alive since the last time I left
Tephlon pajama set, truck armor neck neck arm weigh your head
Move a A-Bomb, get drunk and paint the whole town red
Fuck a 5-0, hydro and perfume bottles
Blow a hole through an avocado, blitz murder Verrazano
Wish that I became a leader, the day this old school nigga
Placed a burner in my hand, 'cause I was very eager
Big stories to tell, jail house, rock that Supreme Clientele
Bricks we buy and sell, we made it, it's on, when fam post bail
When they ran up in, near the house, Pops went through hell
2 O'Clock, the Apollo on, no socks, wallo's on
Eatin' olives with Vodka, lampin' on plush sofas
Big trophies on my wall, double X Moses, Ghost is
M.C. Ultra, you be suprised by the size of my hostler, bitch
The reason why I be dissin' y'all niggas is cause y'all 0 for 6
You hero head muthafuckas, I'll expose you quick
Fuck around and get your waffle split
Y'all morocco when I cock let the Glock go, got those bridge
Feelin' like a bad parent when I dropped those kids
Body up your fuckin' man just like the Narco's did



Yeah, yeah, like I told you (for real man)
Muthafuckas, you need man (tired of niggas tellin' niggas)
Fuck that, it's Theodore (niggas talkin' all flagrant)
(y'all niggas is fuckin' up, son)
Let me say somethin', let me say somethin' one time (go head)
I'mma bust one of these niggas wigs off 'em one time
My banger too big and been starvin' for one of these little punk ass niggas
(Yo these niggas like bad children)
I'mma start sendin' y'all niggas to the storm
(Where we from, y'all niggas don't know, fuck the rappers, God)
Y'all niggas whole style is chunky, straight up and down
We them '88 bankies, man, on the real man
(y'all niggas just war story niggas)
I'll smack you off stage while you on man
(Slap the shit out of one of y'all niggas)
Spit in your girl's mouth, bitch (Shaolin, I fuck the bitch up)
I wanna bite this fuckin' mic, right now (I'm tellin' you...)




Though we stand in the shadow of death
The Lord is our God


It's a must that I take the streets back so fast
Everybody thinkin' it's not gon' last
I, got bad news, bad news, brot'man and I'm gon' stay alive
I think y'all want my riches, I empty out on niggas
I'm gonna reach the top, Theodore's the crew and we ain't
Gon' stop now


I'm like them '86 Brooklyn niggas
Fuck if I cook coke with niggas
Operate over stoves, and I brought Kotex for bitches
Draped out in them goose lick bitches
You fuck around and get your whole crew shot at, blaow
Dare you to pop back, under cars, cryin'
Tryin' to come up out that
Eric B. when I cut, twenty three's on a truck
Like a dust joint, I'll have your whole hood stuck
This is Ghost murder, we movin' like NARCs, go-karts
Throwin' Sports Illustrated darts and watch
Get the blade whip money, fuck your fame to part
Depart when you see Starks, duck low
Fuck up a rapper on the regular
Blow his fuckin' arms off his cellular
This is Don Mattingly, Don Baylor, Don King or Don anything
A monster, silver back Guerrilla, pa
Though I sleep outside the bing


Introducing Staten Island
New York, New York, the Theodore Unit (It's yourz)
And we bringin' back the Twin Towers
We military, puttin' control on you cowards (It's yourz)
Introducing Staten Island
New York, New York, Toney show 'em how niggas shine (It's yourz)
This for the holes in my momma's sock
The scene's marked, got them six in a pack for 3.99 (It's yourz)


Bulletproof goose pillows
I'm still alive since the last time I left
Tephlon pajama set, truck armor neck neck arm weigh your head
Boof an 8 ball, get drunk and paint the whole town red
Fuck a 5-0, hydro and perfume bottles
Blow a hole through an avocado, blitzed on the Verrazano
Wish that I became a leader, the day this old school nigga
Placed a burner in my hand, cause I was very eager
Big stories to tell, jail house, rock that Supreme Clientele
Bricks we buy and sell, we made it, was on, when fam post bail
When they ran up in, near the house, Pops went through hell
2 O'Clock, the Apollo on, no socks, wallo's on
Eatin' olives with Vodka, lampin' on plush sofas
Big trophies on my wall, double X Moses, Ghost is M.C. Ultra
You be suprised by the size of my holster, bitch
The reason why I be dissin' y'all niggas is cause y'all 0-for-6
You hero head muthafuckas, I'll expose you quick
Fuck around and get your waffle split
Don Muraco when I cock let the Glock go, Gotham's bridge
Feelin' like a bad parent when I dropped those kids
Body up your fuckin' man just like the Narco's did




Yeah, yeah, like I told you (for real man)
Muthafuckas, it's me man (tired of niggas tellin' niggas)
Fuck that, it's Theodore (niggas talkin' all flagrant)
(Ya'll niggas is fuckin' up, son)
Let me say somethin', let me say somethin' one time (go head)
I'mma bust one of these niggas wigs open one time
My banger too big and been starvin' for one of these little punk ass niggas
(Yo these niggas like bad children)
I'mma start sendin' y'all niggas to the store
(Where we from, y'all niggas don't know, fuck the rappers, God)
Ya'll niggas whole style is chump, straight up and down
We them '88 babies, man, on the real man (Ya'll niggas just war story niggas)
I'll smack you off stage while you on man (Slap the shit out of one of y'all niggas)
Spit in your girl's mouth, bitch (Shaolin, I fuck the bitch up)
I wanna bite this fuckin' mic, right now (I'm tellin' you...)




I know she gone, but I'm still holding on
Still smell the scent of her clothes, only God knows the pain
I cried til there's no tears left
Love my babies, we can't explain why she left
I'm all alone, feeling like my heart is blown
I do anything, just to see her come back home
But she chose not to hold on, and broke the bond
Left me with two babies like I'm Mr. Mom
But I'm handle what God gave me, cuz I'm a good man, and
Try to break me down, I'm strong and stay standing
Never imagine she gettin' down like that
Nine years in this together and you turning your back? Come on


(All we can do is) Hold on, yeah
(All we can do is hold on) That's what I'm do, yeah
(All we can do is) Hold on, yeah
(All we can do is) I'mma try to (Hold on) hey


I can't believe you walked out of my life
Not saying I was perfect, babe, but I was willing to work it
I know the grass look greener, but you should of stayed beat
Let a good man go, so you can run free?
Could of held on, to these rough times, and made better ones
You left me when my music was down with no fun
Broke, I struggled so you made it through college
Cuz I had street smarts, but you had knowledge
Longevity, suppose to be together forever
Now you say we growing apart? Whatever, whatever
So I'mma open the cage and set my butterfly free
Just hoping it ain't too late when you come on back to me




But I'mma try to, hold on, and be strong
Cuz this time, you're so wrong
But I wait, and, I long
For you touch, but you're gone
All these tears, and all this pain
I'll never, never, feel the same
I keep control, I lift my soul
I sing my song, I hold on






1,2, 1,2, yo check this out, it's the jump off right now
I want everybody, to put your work down, put your guns down
And report to the pit, the gravel pit
Leave your problems at home, leave your children at home
We gon' take it back underground, I be Bobby Boulders
Wu-Tang Clan on yo' mind one time
It's the jump off, so just jump off my nigga


Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it


Ha, holocaust from the land of the lost
Behold the pale horse, off course (off course)
Follow me, Wu-Tang gotta be
The best thing since Starks and Clark Wallabees
African killer bees blackwatch
On your radio, blowin out yo' watts
From Park Hill, the house on haunted hill
Every time you walk by your back get a chill
Let's peel, who want to talk rap skills
I spit like a semi-automatic to the grill
Elbow grease, and elbow room
Baby play me, baby fall down, go boom
Party people gather round, count down to apocalypse
(I'm the kid with the golden arms)
And I'm the motherfuckin hott nikks pass the blunt
My nigga don't front
You had it for a minute but it seem like a month
Now I'm chokin, smokin, hopin
I don't croakin, from overdosin
Hey, kid, walk straight, master your high
Wu and Meth got you open (open), let's ride
Can't stand niggas that floss too much
Can't stand Bentleys they cost too much
Kid wanna get up then kid get touched
Kid wanna stick up then kid get stuck
I'm the one that called your bluff
When your boy tried to act tough
Remember what Ol' Dirty said: "I'll fuck yo' ass up!"
Now listen


Back, back and forth and forth


E with the English, extinguish styles extremist
Bald head beamers run wild
It's the kid with the gold cup
Stepped out like what
What's poppin, and y'all niggas dobo
Blastin shae shae, chocolate shortae
Rich color mocks, rock those all day
1960 shit I'm Goldie
That's right motherfucker don't hold me
The world's greatest, Las Vegas, paid as rock
Skin painted on my face look ageless
Perfect combos, Ghost bang out condos
Jeff from Hamo, ex three bangos
Bancos, stank hoes in plain clothes
Change those, bang those, same old, same old


Yeah y'all, straight up this the jump off right here
The gravel pit, word up represent, rock the boulders
All my rich gangsta style, killers, y'all know what time it is
Shorty do your thing, get up on that shit right now boo, do you
That's what I'm talkin 'bout


Yo, step to my groove, move like this
When we shoot the gift of course it's ruthless
Grab the mic with no excuses
In a sec, grab the Tecs and loot this
Executing, shaking all sets, and I'm breaking all hecks
I'm taking all bets, move all best, who want the dram' next
You all stank, we got the bigger bank
Bigger shank to fill your tank
Still the same kill you for real, while you crank
Slide, do or die, fry to bake
Admire the greats, on fire wit a heart of hate
Bitter shark, every part I take, heavy darts that quake
It's okay, all fakes, get caught by the dropkicks
You know the thrill, yes it's Park Hill
Yo we hit 'em with the hot grits
On the go, check the flow, saying Wu don't rock shit
Stop quick, hold the gossip, stop sweating my pockets
I hear the hot shit


Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it
You don't have to move a mountain
Just give me enough strength to climb
Oh Lord ! Don't take away my stumbling vows
And lead me a round


Yakub, maker and creator of the devil. Swine merchant... your time is near at hand. Fuck with me and your time will be now. Your presence here effects the mind of my people like a fever. You, Yakub, are the bearer of nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine diseases, evil, corrupt, porkchop-eatin' brain!




Theodore Roosevelt...
It's the Ed Sullivan Show, ladies & gentlemen
Here we go... come on, Theodore, Toney...


This one's for the boys and the girls on the streets
Make sure you listen careful to the words I speak
Before you get the drawers, and the bitch wanna eat
Make sure you let 'em know to sign the pussy receipt, and


Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (come on)
Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (and you)
Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (say what)
Greedy bitches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreo's


Word to my momma, yo, I hate ya'll greedy bitches
Ya'll greasy, after the club, want the piece of chicken
Hotel rooms, you better not touch the phone
Uh-uh, leave that roof service book alone
Don't ask me, for food, I ain't ask you
Cut through the bullshit, you can just pass the pool
And ya fat friend you brought, she can crash too
But if ya stomach growling hard, I'mma laugh, boo
No Domino's, Papa John's and Waffle House
Frontin' on the pussy, you can throw the dick in your mouth
Straight cock, we in the halls, yo there's other twat
In Trife room, where them other ho bitches flock
Wigs got it popping, Du-Lilz went bird shopping
He got bird seeds, he's probably getting head whopping
Fucking with you, yo I hope you ain't cock blocking
I want some pussy now, if not, you can get to hopping
Bounce, muthafuckas talking about you ain't giving up no pussy




Yo, this is for them greedy bitches, who wanna eat off my buck
Who get 99 bananas, cuz you fresh out of luck
I wanna fuck, and you try'nna get a sirloin steak
Little money, backstage passes, and some Oreo cake
You better split if the legs don't spread like wings
This is Theodore, we more than just suicide kings
Super groupie, that G on your chest stand for greedy
Caught a contact high, cuz we always bake ziti
Blow the gerder's, we just wanna puff and sleep
Not in my bed, I'm try'nna put nut in your cheek
Little squirrel, my twat team stay on alert
I pump iron to them pink panties under your skirt
Why try to scheme, my double stuff cream got 'em all
On a scavenger hunt, greedy bitch of the month
They want a table, when it's time to give pussy, they front
You can't play your boy Wigs, like I'm some kind of chump
That's right, get 'em out here, yo, Tone




Yo, I get butter, nigga, like Land O' Lake
When bitches see me, they be quick to pump they brakes
But wait, before we fuck, let's make it clear
If you ask me for a dime... get the fuck out of here
"Aiyo, you broke nigga?" No bitch, you got it wrong
I'm still spending, from Red & Meth sitcom
What you doing? Stripping, grabbing on groin
I bet your momma proud of what you become
I'm on the block getting it, hip hop, getting it
Blunts got piff in it, new five, whipping it
Shorty like "Redman, buy me a cigarette"
Try'nna get me robbed at the store where her niggas at
Greedy bitch, hoods up, hoes down
Get money like Berry, looking for MoTown
And if I'm in your hood, bitch, high as a fuck
Clock the flavor, audio one, your time is up, bitch...





Theodore Roosevelt
It's the Ed Sullivan Show, ladies and gentlemen
Here we go, come on
Theodore, Toney
This one's for the boys and the girls on the streets
Make sure you listen careful to the words I speak
Before you get the drawers, and the bitch wanna eat
Make sure you let 'em know to sign the pussy receipt, and
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreo's
Word to my momma, yo, I hate y'all greedy bitches
Y'all greasy, after the club, want the piece of chicken
Hotel rooms, you better not touch the phone
Uh-uh, leave that room service book alone
Don't ask me, for food, I ain't ask you
Cut through the bullshit, you can just pass the pool
And ya fat friend you brought, she can crash too
But if ya stomach growling hard, I'mma laugh, boo
No Domino's, Papa John's and Waffle House
Frontin' on the pussy you can throw the dick in your mouth
Straight cock we in the halls, yo there's other twat
In Trife room, where them other hoe bitches flock
Wigs got it popping, Du-Lilz went bird shopping
He got bird seeds, he's probably getting head whopping
Fucking with you, yo I hope you ain't cock blocking
I want some pussy now, if not, you can get to hopping
Bounce, motherfuckers talking about you ain't giving up no pussy
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreo's
Yo, this is for them greedy bitches who wanna eat off my buck
Who get 99 bananas, 'cuz you fresh out of luck
I wanna fuck and you tryna get a sirloin steak
Little money, backstage passes, and some Oreo cake
You better split if the legs don't spread like wings
This is Theodore, we more than just suicide kings
Super groupie, that G on your chest stand for greedy
Caught a contact high, 'cuz we always bake ziti
Blow the gerder's, we just wanna puff and sleep
Not in my bed, I'm tryna put nut in your cheek
Little squirrel, my twat team stay on alert
I pump iron to them pink panties under your skirt
Why try to scheme, my double stuff cream got 'em all
On a scavenger hunt, greedy bitch of the month
They want a table, when it's time to give pussy, they front
You can't play your boy Wigs, like I'm some kind of chump
That's right, get 'em out here, yo, Tone
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreo's
Yo, I get butter, nigga, like Land O' Lake
When bitches see me, they be quick to pump they brakes
But wait, before we fuck, let's make it clear
If you ask me for a dime, you don't get it
Aiyo, you broke nigga, no bitch, you got it wrong
I'm still spending, from Red & Meth sitcom
What you doing? Stripping, grabbing on groin
I bet your momma proud of what you become
I'm on the block getting it, hip hop, getting it
Blunts got piff in it, new five, whipping it
Shorty like "Redman, buy me a cigarette"
Tryna get me robbed at the store where her niggas at
Greedy bitch, hoods up, hoes down
Get money like Barry, looking for MoTown
And if I'm in your hood, bitch, high as a fuck
Clock the flavor, audio one, your time is up, bitch
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, greedy, greedy, b*tches
Greedy b*tches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreo's




Uh-huh, whoo, just smoothing it out, right now
My nigga Halloween, we gon' get rich this year, nigga (see)
Sip on this little bit of odor, made brown
Zone out, turn the lights off
Ant boogie, what up? Uh-huh


In the crib, with my wiz, getting my grown man on
Listening to classic soul, with the slow jams on
Smokey Robinson, Tears of a Clown, shedding tears
Popping beers, almost twenty five years in the town
I seen niggas die off, like dandelions in the fall
Niggas heard of Chip Banks and left him lying in the hall
Your boy Sandy Brock was ill, like Kobe Bryant with the ball
It's no exceptions, even the biggest giants gotta fall
Cuz we living in denial, but these lessons are vital
When marinating in the slums, you gotta practice survival
Now everybody wants to be next American idol
But these are more than just songs pressed up your vinyl
Being rich is a poor man's dream, and we all wanna shine
But we all can't green, knahImean?
Being rich is a poor man's dream, and we all wanna shine
But we all can't green...


I grew up hard, maybe you grew up harder
But I ain't been to many operas
Or had money for private doctors
As harsh it sound, these just a tears of a clown
I grew up hard, maybe you grew up harder
The message is I'm too strong to hold down
I know the ledge, and I ain't planning to drown
As harsh it sound, these just a tears of a clown


Momma ain't raised no fool, they say we gotta save the children
But first, we gotta save our spoons
I was taught not to waste my food
Even if I didn't like it, every scrap on my plate got chewed
Either you ate, or you didn't eat, the memories are bitter sweet
Used to get teased by my friends, cuz I had bigger feet
I think about them jokes and laugh, crack a smile
Cuz as a child, I never knew that being broke was bad
Growing up I was close to my dad, but that still didn't stop a nigga
From putting that coke in them bags
That was the past, now, I'm riding with the oak in the dash
Got jealous niggas hating, big time, hoping I crash
I can't blame 'em, and on the same note, I can't change 'em
Let a nigga disrespect my shit, I'm gonna flame 'em
That's word to my son little Jay, my little homey
Ask niggas how your boy get down, ain't nothing phony




Yeah, they say two heads are better than one, and in the process
I learned that slow progress, is better than none
That's why I'm still here persuing my goals, baking that bread
In the bakery, if I ain't out, doing no shows
I hit the block, once in a blue, and front with the crew
And show niggas a good time, by getting drunk in the stud'
Some niggas find happiness, with a blunt and a brew
They talented niggas, but they just need something to do
It's kinda hard try'nna look beyond buildings and bricks
We can't condone broken homes, when our children is sick
Try'nna survive off the cereal and milk from the WIC
And all the good ones we got, be getting killed in the mix
He could of been the next Jordan, who knows, the next Emmitt
Young Tiger Woods, or the new Arthur Ashe of tennis
That's why I'm looking past the gimmicks, getting cash with Dennis
Criminal grind, we gonna smash the business




Yeah, when you see that big thing pull up
Don't be mad at us, man, be glad, we done made it from the projects
We done came up, Stapleton Houses, man
Straight up, Theodore, Toney Starks Enterprise




Though we stand in the shadow of death
The Lord is our God


It's a must that I take the streets back so fast
Everybody thinkin' it's not gon' last, I
Got bad news, bad news, bro' man and I'm gon' stay alive
I think y'all want my bitches, I empty out on niggas
I'm gonna reach the top, Theodore's the crew and we ain't gon' stop now


I'm like them '86 Brooklyn niggas, fuck if I cook coke with niggas
Operate over stoves, and I brought cold techs for bitches
Draped out in them goose lick pictures
You fuck around and get your whole crew shot at, blaow
Dare you to pop back, under cars, cryin', tryin' to come up out that
Eric B. when I cut, twenty three's on a truck
Like a dust joint, you'll have your whole hood stuck
This is Ghost murder, we movin' like NARCs, go-carts
Throwin' Sports Illustrated darts and watch
Get the blade rent money, fuck your fade apart
Depart when you see Starks, duck low
Fuck up a rapper on the regular
Blow his fuckin' hands off his cellular
This is Don Mattingly, Don Bailer, Don King or Don anything
A monster, silver back Guerrilla, pa
Though I sleep outside the bing


Niggas actin' like they bustin' they heat
All they life, all they did was the wheat
This is Theodore, 2004 Commodores
With big stupid bangers that go bezerk on any jail floor
And any dance hall, to dirt bomb niggas that steel case
From stores, puff raw, fuck what you heard
Might wire your jaw, sip the methodone
Crazy straw, bitch, you want war?


Bulletproof goose pillows
I'm still alive since the last time I left
Tephlon pajama set, truck armor neck neck arm, weigh your head
Move a A-Bomb, get drunk and paint the whole town red
Fuck a 5-0, hydro and perfume bottles
Blow a hole through an avocado, blitzed on the Verrazano
Wish that I became a leader, the day this old school nigga
Placed a burner in my hand, cause I was very eager
Big stories to tell, jail house, rock that Supreme Clientele
Bricks we buy and sell, We Made It was on, when fam post bail
When they ran up in Nana house, Pops went through hell
2 O'Clock, the Apollo on, no socks, wallo's on
Eatin' olives with Vodka, lampin' on plush sofas
Big trophies on my wall, double X Moses, Ghost is M.C. Ultra
You be suprised by the size of my holster, bitch
The reason why I be dissin' ya'll niggas, cause ya'll 0-for-6
You hero head muthafuckas, I'll expose you quick
Fuck around and get your waffle split
Don Muraco when I cock, let the Glock go, Gotham's bridge
Feelin' like a bad parent when I dropped those kids
Body, your fuckin' man just like the Narco's did






{We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service}
Fuck... fuck is these niggas at, man
{Please check the number or try your call again}
(Aiyo, hello?) Aiyo, bring that shit (what happen, son?)
That's my word, yo, these niggas is fronting out here (where at, where you at?)
I'm in Jersey, you know where the fuck I'm at, nigga, I'm in Jersey
(Aight, so, what happen though, man, what happen?) I need that shit
I tell you when you get here, don't even worry about that shit
(Aight yo, I'll be right there, man) Just hurry the fuck up, bring
That big joint
(That's my word) Yeah (one) Yeah


In the crib on this rainy day, I'm chilling
Glass pianos and Portuguese drapes, hang from the ceiling
Persian rugs, Moroccan sofas
I walk through the house in paisley robes and Ferragamo loafers
And Iron Chef just season the salmon
It's coming down pouring, he watching BBC, eating a salad
I'm on the couch hitting the chalice
Checking my textes and out of nowhere, my dick is hard as a callus
I stood up, pulled back my sleeve, checked my watch
Where the, fuck is my wife, it's 12 o'clock on the dot
Very impatient, I'm getting nervous, can't stop pacing
My heart's racing, her Nextel don't get no service
Damn, all this over a gallon of milk
Something, happened to her, somebody wig'll get peeled
Okay, let me calm down, maybe she at Keeba house
Her birthday's today, we both bought her jeans and a blouse
Since 7 o'clock, she been gone for hours
Jetted up the steps to the master suite, checked the shower
Nope, all that is there is towels and soap
Stomach is nauseous, caught a big lump in my throat
Found a phonebook with mad names, looked down
Bow, there go Keeba, tying my shoes, I put the bitch on speaker
And bluntly addressed her, 'where's my girl?' (Shit, I don't know nigga)
(Last time I seen her, Ghost, she hittin' on an old nigga)
Yo, Keeba stop playing, yo (Nah, we took a shot of Henn')
(Maybe she was out by 10, I told the bitch, fuck that bitch)
(Don't even try to call me, I'm getting me some mad dick)
(Show these muthafuckas, how Keeba love to drive stick)
I snatched up my raincoat, the grass was soaked
Under the bed in the guest house, where I keep my toast
I yelled to the Chef, yo, watch for Kayla, check the pool and the bowling alley
If anything, just hit my cellular
Hopped in the go cart, the yard is dark, I'm bugging
Few feet from the guest house, is where I parked
Hope she's OK, is what I say in my heart
But something don't feel right, so is what I'm saying to God
As I got closer, something ain't kosher
I heard a bunch of squeaky sounds from the house, I don't think I'm suppose to
Is this the end, of the Starks regime?
Let me find out somebody on my ground, yo, is pounding my queen

*door slowly opens*

 (Fabolous) {Shareefa}
Yo, I'mma kill, yo! (Hold on, cuz)
{Baby, let me explain, you over reacting, that's not what it was}
Shut the fuck up, you got caught moaning with your legs up
Eyes all red, what? Did ya'll just blaze up?
Then froze for a sec, so I dipped quick, lift the mattress
Aimed the biscuit at both of them bastards
What ya'll excuse now (Yo, cuz, she said she live with her pop)
(Her dude mad strict, that's why we up in the spot)
(And yo, this little trick of yours, bought me a ten G watch)
He reached down for his drawers, thats' when I let off a shot
Back the fuck up, snatched his covers
Had 'em looking like the black Adam & Eve, some sinful lovers
(Chill, Tone, put the gun down) How you know my name, son?
{Hold on, let me explain} Yo, ya'll two is done
(Just let me put my drawers, get dressed, before I get rocked)
(Cuz real talk, is looking like you trynna let off that Glock)
Yeah, you right, you look familiar, you put my cable in, right?
The FiOS nigga, and you fucking my wife?
(Yeah, I put that cable in, nigga, we both got caught)
(And she a triflyn ass chick, don't act like it's all my fault)
{Baby, no} Mind your business
(Now Kayla, don't stop him, let the sucker do what he do)
(He touch me, and he finished)


What, nigga, hold that, eat it
(Oh shit, what the fuck) You forgot your drawers
And your little tools, nigga
You FiOS mustache wearing muthafucka, I got you nigga
(Fuck you, nigga, I'mma see you nigga)
(Fucker, fuck) That's why you dive out the window
On some Jim Kelly, shit, nigga, fuck that
{We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service}
Fuck... fuck is these niggas at, man
{Please check the number or try your call again}




Allow me to demonstrate the skill of Shaolin
The special technique of shadowboxing


Poisonous, poisonous (word word word)
I should slap all y'all niggas for coming in my fucking face with that shit
Alright cool yeah, go ahead man...
Poisonous


Poisonous paragraphs smash your phonograph in half
It be the Inspectah Deck on the warpath
First class leaving mics with a cast
Causing ruckus like the aftermath when guns blast
Run fast, here comes the verbal assaulter
Rhymes running wild like a child in a walker
I scored from the inner slums abroad
And my thoughts are razor sharp, I sliced the mic from the cord
First to criticize, but now they have become
Mentally paralyzed with hits that I devise
Now I testify, the rest is I
Rebel INS Your Highness, blessed to electrify
With voltage of a eel, truth that I reveal
Will crush the amateurs who scream they keep it real
Caesar black down, hoodied up in fatigues
Part time minor leagues receive third degrees
Attack like a wolf pack once I pull back
The God-U and bust through like a fullback


Yo, you fourteen carat gold slum computer wizard
Tapping inside my rap vein causes blizzards
The wildlife that kills for ice trife like by the digits
Gorillas injected with strength of eighty midgets
The Earth spins, whirlwinds, rap exotic blends
Let my peeps in, niggas gasping, swallowing aspirins
With a dosage, you overdosed in rap
High explosives, my posters hypnotize with hypnosis
I sell goods, my whole Clan is on the run like Natural Born Killers
Record-breaking the album Thriller
Got access to tear gas, bombs and rocket launchers
Flow like dough, Killa Beez is what I sponsor
Your entrepreneur, pens in gear like Shakespeare
When I fuck I grab hair, collect drawers as souvenirs
Fuck yeah, my crew down German beers
My career's based on guns, throwing cats in wheelchairs
Etcetera, damage any lame ass competitor
Who try to front, get broken in fast like leathers
Whatever hot hardheads get shattered like mirrors
Beretta shots splatter your goose, scatter your feathers
Say never poetry chumps crumbs deal with graphic
Flew my family overseas, I'm maxing
If rap was crack, fully packed I be tall cats
Taxing kingpin of the rap drug trafficking
Village niggas get slapped in Manhattan
For rapping, Big Ghost steps off laughing
Ha!


Were you just using the Wu-Tang school method against me?
I've learned so many styles, forgive me


Sit back relax, fake niggas don't get turns
Watch me massage your brain with slang that's king
Projects filled with young men cause threats
Who has that? Thousand dollar chains and Tecs
Focus, the brokest niggas of life shit
These mics is like cocaine son, check the suicidal hype shit
Exchange mad blunts taste the sweepstakes
Keeping up on fakes outta state for cakes
No doubt, plus nobody amount, we making dough off
Putting fifty on the Land and Allah, it's like that
Pull ya shoes up black, matter of fact just adapt
Tie up, your black Nikes and tight hats
Corners stay surrounded with foreigners
What up, dread? Feds caught your bredren for his bread
But regardless, peace to jail niggas with charges
Unify laying in the yard with La
My Clan done ran from Japan to Atlanta with stamina
Slingers and gamblers and gram handlers
Tical light the Owl cigar, let's get steamed
Infra-red guard your beam, so seek 'nough respect
Rude bwoy you bet, keep it moving Mashallah
Pro black like tar
Designing the fly shit and stay shining
The RZA pour more beats than Cristal's fine wine
Concrete raps go to bat
With 50 other niggas on the other side of the map
Knew it's all good and all done what, we want son
Mike Tyson of this rap shit, pulling out Macs for fun


The nigga don't get mad, I got mad styles of my own
And it's shown when my hands grip the chrome microphone
Verbally I catch bodies with cordless shotties
Intriguing MCs, I keep em trained like potties
I bomb facts, my sword is an axe
To split backs invisible, like dope fiend tracks
Sky's the limit, niggas are timid and nobody knows
How we move like wolves in sheep clothes
Producing data, microchips of software
Underground and off air
The Land of the Lost, notorious henchman from the North
Striking niggas where the Mason-Dixon line cross



Ghostface killah

I love my heat
Yeah
Yall know what it is
You know it stay hot
It's a little tale about my gun
Feel the neck on that nigga
That's my homie
UH

Yo
A yo I kept the same gun for nine years
Navy blue Glock in the blue safe right upstairs
I made sure that little nigga stayed warm
Tucked him under my pillow
In case the robbers come I gotta perform
Kiss him night night muah read him bedtime stories
Times I just stared at him
The Glock forty
His belly stay full and he on a strict diet
I feed him lead he good he at ease when fired
Go to sleep mr gat
I had to do a double for two days
And this the only way I get back
Besides changing your diaper meaning your clip
Got niggas deficating in shit bags
They're full of shit

The hook

The hook is a sample from friends of distinction ( and I love him )

Sheik louch

Yeah
That's still my nigga though son
I can't live without him
Special relationship with that mother fucker
You feel me right ?
You feel me ghost ?
WU BLOCK

I knew him ever since he was nine
Now he twenty two thinking he's forty five
That nigga is live
Like to come with me everywhere when I drive
Trouble maker same time keep you alive
His ego too big he be getting pumped
I told him chill
He said it's better when you're getting jumped
No matter how you face me
No matter where you place me
Since the day that I was born I ain't have safety
He went from Y O to staten that's real talk
He hung with puff he was with shine in club new york
Now he with me
He hurt em like angela jolie with them babies
I raised him up from 380's
I raised him up from 380's
I raised him up from 380's

The hook

Styles P

That WU BLOCK shit nigga
Yeah

I still pour liquor after I pop bottles
Got a friend named deuce nickel the cops got him
Back then when the coke price was rock bottom
I robbed a lot of spots with him and im not lying
Then I got knocked with him and the cops kept him
I reminisce and get high over a lot of weapons
Got a friend named nine
Caught up in the murder one
I ain't seen him since
Cause my man had to murder something
Homie named 38 he popped with me
And it ain't to often that he's not with me
You call him your guns
I call him my friends
Pop it off or keep it tucked
Guess it all will depend yeah

The hook




Another day, another dollar
I got mines, ain't got nothing to father
Fuck a role model, never had one to follow
Lot of cotton mouth rappers, I'm a hard one to swallow
Here's another hard one to goggle
Fuck your life, that's the motto
I'm nice with mics, Cus D'Amato
Drug related, blunt guts all up in your condo
Hate a noisy woman, why you all up in my convo


Let me hold something
Look at you killas, like you owe something
Stole something, give me my paper, 'fore I blow something
Right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow
I want it right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow
Shady niggas hiding the loot, you see my baby needs shoes
And the record label trynna recoupe
I want it right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow
And I mean right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow


Gun battles, so many chains on the neck
Hands and feet, niggas say I'm Shaq
Sky blue, terry cloth, low pullover
Hit ten like a 2010 new Hova
Movies on, never ran it, call me a don
Been shitting everywhere, cuz niggas can't stand it
Terminate faggots who violate us a square
Goon therapy, S.I., we don't fight fair
Beef? We can get it on, right here
And that includes y'all low niggas wearing tight gear


Sun God, and that's your target, aim right there
My money long and green like Buzz Lightyear
I'm all right here, the way I move the blow
Fuck a show, you would think it was an all white affair
Been fuego, more fire here, then you seen me
Getting money off the water like a pall bearer there
No Newports, Marlboro's here, go smoke that
The smoke in your face, bitch, I ain't never cared
Get shot down when the Ghost smell fear, let me hold something
Look in your face like you owe something




I'm playing for the 'bucks' like Hakim Warrick
Nickel bag in the park, my team on it
They want it like that and the street, is dry as a well
Hell, that's why I sell crack on the beat
I ain't trynna just happen to eat, I'mma make a nigga dance
Even if I got to clap in the street
This is something like lock up, murder behind bars
A warrior, my story defined by my scars
Seven thirty verbal, my word work circle
You a jerk, fool, I burn you like your birdds do






Simple minds get blown, shattered into pieces
My thesis is thick like the Book of Eli
We live we die, we put 'em in the sky
Free your mind as a slave like the Fourth of July
This a sandstorm created from original thought
I bust boundaries son, you just do what you're taught
My vocab is powerful, spit shit subliminal
Slang therapist, my whole style is criminal
Bugged like Bob Digital, fly visual
Mind body and soul, I'm a strong individual
Come through in the final hour, with gun showers
Stand the fuck up like Flav to fight the power
I'm an activist, socialist, deadly ass poetrist
Supreme Clientele, I'm a goddamn vocalist
My thoughts are so heavy I could change a generation
The x-factor, we puttin' holes through inflation


If you hit the rock bottom of the asphalt, that's likely your ass fault
My lines are cocaine, the flow is bath salts
I'm a for-sure Don, no one in your circle can box me
That's like an oxymoron
I flirt with building your empire
Gotta shake the snake in the grass and spark sharks to swim by ya
Cuz every meek head that speak street cred aint bangin heat lead
And probably cut like sweet bread wetting their sheets spread
So nigga holla, I coin phrases to trigger dollars
Its butterfly like the shirts made with bigger collars
Women thank the scholar, the broad stealer
Who laying them face down and ass up like a card dealer
The time ceases, I keep a bed with dime pieces
As I palm another phenomenon rhyme thesis
Because on the contrary, I get it popping like Dom Perignon beyond Tom, Harry and Dick
You can declare me as sick


Highly contagious
Bathsalt flows leaving bodies all on stages
Locked behind cages, Don of all ages
Its Ghostface nigga never plead in the cases
But I plead the fifth, four-fifth by the belt buckle
Crack stone-faced niggas with the steel of a knuckle
Go ahead and chuckle, I have uncle murder your goons
Hoes and balloons, ODing on flights from Colombia
Pull your trunk through your neck when the cartel's done with you
Supreme talk boss, verbal holocaust I'm a thriller
Have you jumping out, they sleep, Wigs hand me a Miller
Sick the dogs sitting in their shoes
My iron monkies spit banana clips with thick traps like Terry Crews
Silverbacks with high tracks, fuckin relax
Got a duffle bag full of guns son, dipped in black
My culture rises in attack just like a vulture
Ghostface the next Escobar or Sosa




Oh shit, look at them, they running on foot
They picked the car up, they on some Flintstone shit
Oh shit... and them niggas stuck together
On some Siamese shit... yo


Yo, classic murders, slick gun material
Burnt up bodies that rock with no burial
Hammers that hardly work, go to work
Like a slave on a hot day, with no water
Blow you for props, in the cop's face, might get knocked up
Jakes that play hero, they can get popped up
Face fallin' off they cheekbone, gotta take meat
From they ass, to sow it back, I'm a beast, holmes
It's ground beef, in the streets, so we street's clone
Like fresh fruit, from a tree, so the heat's blown
Your momma missing, your boys are crying
Cut ya balls out your nutsack, the chinks are buying
Shit bags is like gift bags, you get it for free
If you master fronting, classic cutting
You keep stunting, them gem star'll rip something
Look homey, it's the bloody sweepstakes
Glove club you down in the club, how you like that, sweet cakes?


Yo, it was a minute after twelve, when the tragedy struck
Niggas emptied on son, and left 'em leaning right in Valerie's truck
The red Cherokee blood was pouring out his head heavily
The only motive for murder was wetter, either jealousy
The found him slumped over the wheel, horn blowing
Bullet holes showing, property stolen, motor still going
Driving side door, waves scoping, the window is broken
Glass back and shredded his grill, his collar was soaking
He probably knew the killas, cause they jinxed him with ease
Cops hold the perimeter, thirsty, looking for leads
Knocking on doors, questioning tenants, the lieutenant
Was the first to arrive on the scene, he knew he was finished
DeWayne Roberts knew him in college, mid-twenties
Stopped being brolic, V.A. driver's license in his wallet
The last call on his mobile phone was back to home
Sorry, Miss Amonia's son was found dead with two in his dome


This be the bird's eye view of things, look how we doing things
We stick niggas up and we take they rings
Mission Impossible, Theodore Unit, we unstoppable
Spit razors out of our mouth and start chopping you
Bank robbers, blood jakes out with the obstacle
Ropes hanging down from the roof, my parachute
Soaking water, heat smoking, we scrape and we Pillage, man
Wherever we broke in, Theodore, pulverize
Boat rides and tours, smashed 'em in the crib with they coconut straws
Dudes step off the scene, black face and four-four
The CREAM that we stack up, cake and whores


Cash in abundance, the cats that I run with
Got gats at a motel, and splashed by the hundreds
I don't ask if I want it, my attitude is running
I don't ask if I want it, my attitude is running, yup
Mega ice neck, with some fish, with some fish dishes
Rakim gems, my mind shine is what my weight misses
Anything else is uncivilized, send the kind of niggas
A tremendous spy, you can see the venom by
My nine leave a ten to buy, I don't need my men to ride
I'm in the moshing squad, beside the car that's highly energized
Been advised, before, that fucking with I, is genocide
Many men have died, from playing games from what they feel inside
Brawl with it in me, put it on my enemy
Be warned, defending me, like killing off a Kennedy
I silly song M.C.'s get sent on base
Type of nigga spit the Remy or laugh in ya face
This dig in my waste, is mastery, step out of place
Shatter that ass, like glass, and break fast like a neglige
Play with the biscuit, dick, don't even risk it
I, snatch up my misses, and dash on the interstate




Yeah, yeah
Yeah I cheat and I fuck other bitches
Y'all just lame sucker-for-love ass niggas
Su.F.L.A.N! Go ahead and spell it out
I gets my love game on without a doubt
My girl know I'm live (yeah) point blank period
Handcuffin them hoes y'all can't be serious
You ain't cut from the right cloth, fuck your rag
One word in your bitch ear, she all in the bag
Give a fuck if that's your broad, she shouldn't be out
We in the club lookin to put somethin fat in her mouth
Easy! Hold on, I see a fox comin
Between now and a few hours I'll be up in her stomach
And I ain't even gotta be dipped
I pull out my pocket too Sloppy Joe, mixed this thick
You ever try foldin a brick?
Tryin to shove hundred dollar bills in your jeans and half of it rip?
We them Staten Island boys, intelligent thugs
9 out of 10 times yeah we lookin to fuck
And y'all already word know what it is
On some Teena Marie shit, nucca, I'm talkin square biz
What?


Y'all need to stop handcuffin them hoes
Comin in the club handcuffin them hoes
You don't even know 'em handcuffin them hoes
Cuffin them hoes, cuffin them hoes


Whassup Ghost?
Westhaven
Sucker! I hear you Ghost
Jones~!

F.EM.L, Fuck 'em and we leave 'em (I'm gone)
P-I-M-P, treat 'em like we great 'em (ya hear that?)
Shit, treat 'em like we don't need 'em
Cause after we fuck 'em out the phone we delete 'em (doop doop)
Leave 'em for them suckers, let them other niggas keep 'em (you can have her)
They keep 'em to the point that we don't see 'em (where'd she go?)
Shit, but the bitches need freedom
They wanna come outside and start freakin (AOW!)
Jumpin on dick like they leapin (watch it) it's Leap Year {*laughin*}
She disappearin for the weekend (where she went?!)
So hell yeah she starts creepin
You had her locked up like she was livin in precinct (prisoner!)
She want a gangster, nigga youse a weakling
She wanna ride fast in the cars while we chiefin (vroom vroom)
Just cause you was cuffin the ho
I had fucked her one time now I'm duckin this ho
Please in your mind, never drop a dime but
Damn, ain't that some shit?
And I just wanted to have a good time
Now I got a ho on my line, buggin!
Slow down




Stop cuffin these hoes
Stop cuffin these hoes




Stop cuffin these hoes
Stop cuffin these hoes
Let her go!




Yo, hold on, this is the way that I'm cut, right?
Or why I sing, how I dipped under red lights
Martini's is Ghost Deini's, stretched out
On stage with the gauge, flash the TEC like Clint East'
Polo drawers, valour headband, Genova convertible couch
In the back, with the two nightstands
I'm the man, nigga, when I come through dressing rooms
Had the goose ready, renting cream and a bag of shrooms
And a nice suite, room service every five minutes, I need a foot massage
Tell the massause, she can't do it for me, do it for God
I got the mix CD on pause with all DeBarge
Oil me up, please, my nuts, read me a story
Tuck me in, something like the seeds'll say
Pass me the cold fresh squeezed OJ, I got five hundred
Under my pillow, after I'm done, do my DJ


Cause of that, I'ma rock the show tonight
The Twat Team, gon' get those hoes tonight
That's Theodore shit, if you in your whip
Two step, you slipped, get your whole crew wet


Stand like the Eiffel, move spiteful
Sport the Nike shoe, nice with the mic since high school
Fuck who like who, fend to not, niggas, trifeful
Plot cycles, to get dough, it's so delightful
Criminal IQ's, spiral convo's with the sky view
This is what I do, pioneer, my peeps Power Rule
Fuck Yacub, I'm factual, true and living
Polo polobos with the true religion, no superstition
This beat is sort of proof to listen, and hear the real
So you New Jack niggas kneel, sit it still
Lick a fifth, get your piff and chill, fix your grill
It's ill, seen the game vanish in air
From DeLores to the glamourest gear, show and prove
How I move, you know hammers is near, never fool
Appear rude, though my manners is there, get it straight
Say my grace, before stuffing my face


Cause of that, I'ma rock this show tonight
Hustle hard, I'ma get that dough tonight
Crime Money, all we do is just two step
Slip up, and get your whole fucking crew wet


Fuck the radio, the corners respect, Soldier I
I'ma about to get fly like I'm boarding a jet
Watch your mouth little homey, I demolish your rep
I'm like Mohamed Atta, when I'm bombing the set
Bottom line, you got a problem with Deck
I'm like the police gun, son, a nigga name pop in the 'jects
Hate in your blood, green eyes, watching my step
I'm all money like the Pres, no stopping the rest
This is Stones and grown man poking his chest
Play hero watch the K blow a hole in your vest
Why I flow like I know I'm the best, cause I'm spitting the piff
Half of y'all dudes rolling with stress
Come and see me, son, you know the address
10304 block work, first homey, show me the checks
Hood crooks living over the edge, Ghost saying nah
That's a good look, focus, respect, yup


Cause of that, I'ma rock this show tonight
Light your weed, pop ya ects', let's go tonight
House Gang on the dance floor, two step
You out of line, get your lame ass crew wet




Yes, yes, we like to thank you
You are the 77th caller
You know you just won a pair of Theodore drawers and all that
How do you feel about that? (Oh my God, that is good daddy I love ya'll)
Yeah, that's right baby, no doubt... right now, his name is Ghostface
Check this joint out right here, it's new, word up


I'm the Mighty Joe Young of rap
Live off of mighty gold, tongue and yack
Ya'll be amazed how I brought it back
Two porsche's, big ass ranch with twelve horses
Scarface breeze when I speak, the all bosses
Plus the jewelry so truck, the cuffs get you nauseous
Two years, been through like six divorces
Not to talk and put my business in the street, but
I'm like cement, I rock over beats
Kill music with no hands and leave with no weed stuff
Like my bitches better when they wore Reebok's
See hot, let's have a toast, I verbally bomb deacons
Have the whole church praying for Ghost
When we speak we give sermons, and switch our names over permits
The big shit, you might get burned with
God-body fly automobiles with grills
Two thousand, fifteen, nigga, we can take off the wheel
A Georget Jetson, so ya'll sit still
Chill, peace to Queens, so the God Allah reel's reel
It's the takeover, breaks over, make something
For funny ass faggots who won't hand that cake over
Monster bangels, bojangles got the forty cocked from all angles
Fuck a rope nigga, my gold chain'll hang you
Danish darts, language arts, slanger banger you
Punk motherfucka...


All you talk is poor...
All of your fushu, I got gats, Ghostface that
But your rhymes ain't workin' now, look who's hurtin' now
I had to shut you down, I had to shut you down


Welcome to Saturday Night Live, write rhymes
Glide on beats, and we high from the police
The dogs bark funny, in fact, when I'm clean
They can smell mark money, truck and mad bummy
Off the peter, grab shoots, Cerebel Paisley
Gats, pull out the mack on cancer, the oo-wop
I bag down AIDS, word to the U.S
There's no need to panic, yo, we been through a phase
Like, namebelts, got the fronts in Alfa Romeo's
Tent the patrol niggas, that we had on a payrole
I play on niggas like stop and go
And tell the other liquors that Don pop more
And Venus told Mercury she a hot ho
Me, I'm just thinkin' bout what's next for Ghost
The Enterprise worth billions, delay America
To Africa, home away, the six text-tillion
Turn, Siskel and Ebert givin' two thumbs
New York Times call it my best work, bump to it
You can Rolling Stone every bone, and kill 'em at the Grammy's
Have 'em sit down, polly with the top five families
Blocka-blocka, boom, now they all dead
Now I'm the only one gettin' that bread, that's right
And the only one rockin' those threads
See these cowards let the fuckin' lead go to they head


I needed to scream on all ya'll bitches, birds
But the more you bite my style, the more I learn
Your rhymes ain't workin' now, look who's hurtin' now
I had to shut you down, I had to shut you down


God, yeah, party people
You are now listenin' to the sounds of Ghost Radio
777 F.M. and all that, no doubt
It's real right about now, yeah
The dance floor is packed and all that
Everything lookin' glory, I see asses
I see glasses in the air, yo, put your hands in the air
Come one, let me hear you see Theodore, "Theodore"
Theodore, "Theodore", yeah, yeah
That was chunky and all that
No doubt, but yo, where Staten Island at?
Where ya'll at? Make some noise, yo, yo, come on
Yeah, check-check-check-check me out
Check-check-checkin' me out, come on
Take-take-take-takin' me out, whose take-take-takin' me out
Come on baby, take me out, uh-huh, yeah, no doubt, no doubt



Bitch: "Excuse me, urm, could you tell me how to get to Heart Street?"
Tony Starks: "Hmm, Heart Street. Alright you go down 3 lights, right. You get on Bush Highway. You go past Vagina Street. You gon' get off at Dick, you gon' make a left on Dick, right. You gon' run right into Walls. The next block is Clit Boulevard, but you gotta be careful, it's kinda wet down there. You gon' past Guts now, that shit takes you to Tits Project. My man Balls will be out, be around there somewhere, you nahh mean. Urrm, The Heart is around there somewhere, so. Or you could go 45 minutes, you could take Butt Avenue to, to Hershey Highway, you nahh mean, up spine'in, and, and, and you be at, you be at, y-you be at the mouth, you be at, you be at the mouth of the, the mouth of the tunnel right there. You nahh mean?"
Bitch: "Fockin' pervert."




No one can fuck with the Wu-Tang


Yo what what, yo
Exotic type shit
Ninety-four, we must go to war fast
With the pen and the pad
Goddamn, shine like gold rims on Pathfinders
Wu-Tang reclines, lamps for the nine-squares kid
(Money, clothes, designer hoes and shows ya'll)


Yo, yo, waking up about ten kid
Jumping in the shower, peace about to make
(Moves and slide like grease)
What, I'm all about Tecs and checks with nuff respect
You front, I'm slamming you like the Lex
So now I'm out in the ninety-five
Rocking that real nigga don't die
Guess down, (Drawers Kani)
But yo, I'm making a pit stop
Go and buy a box of Glocks, he rolled up and yo
(Whattup 'Ak)
(Yo, remember that kid that we vicked
He made a half of mil for real
He brought about four bricks)
Yo, so now we connect thoughts
Meet me at the airport
{Tell Golden Arms maintain the fort}
(Get in touch with that west coast Cali crab you stabbed
And meet me at the bitch lab)
So word up kid, we slid like a fat four to twelve bid and shit
(Couldn't even rest, I need the vic)
And when I slept, I dream Gs, son I need some
(Keys won't sell, call up Son)
I heard Pook and Tyriq caught a beef over some real shit
(A fake nigga faked and they killed his clique)
Gimme a minute and I'm with it
(Yo, niggas done did it), rock your vest
(Keep your whip tinted)
(So now we see him up in Bojangles strangling a forty ounce
With ten Gs worth of gold bangles)
Diamonds, what, all up in his face
(With his man's mace), medallions (the size of dinner plates)
Yo, he knew we knew him so we blew him
Took thirty G's worth of jewels off that nigga {Do him}
(So now I'm lamping in my man's Land)
Streets is hot like sand
(G's is rolling in my right hand)
Yup, you know the steez all-black
Got to go down like that, (Shallah)
Cigars and {ball hats}
Ninety-four, taking niggas to war, yo, yo


What do you believe in, heaven or hell?
You don't believe in heaven cause we're living in hell
{What do you believe in, heaven or hell?
You don't believe in heaven cause we're living in hell}
So it's your life
(What a chamber, fucking with mad strangers
Yeah, you know how it runs baby, straight up yo
Money, clothes, designer hoes and shows y'all
That's how it goes, whatever)
What do you believe in, heaven or hell?
You don't believe in heaven cause we're living in hell
(31st chamber ya'll)
So it's your life


Niggas ain't even know Son, only half is sewed cash
They haven't yet sold their weight
(Question, shit is real, youknowhatI'msayin'))
Niggas think it's all about a real live Allah
A little hundred dollars and that make you a man
KnowhatI'msayin?
(You aint even promised tomorrow Son, word up)
Niggas dont understand how life can be so short
Come so fast
(With the blinkin of eye, blinkin of eye youre gone baby
Straight up, knowhatI'msayin, get turned to dust Return to the casket)
And that ass is out Son, word up (Word up, get evaporated, straight up)
Word up (Lose all your strength nigga)
Crazy dedication shout out to the memory of Two Cent Jason
Heartbroken, we soakin wet though
Keepin it real for my peoples
(Yeah, yo And my physical brother DeVon, youre still in here baby, because youre in my arms nigga, word up
I never let you go baby
YouknowhatI'msayin? You my life charm, word up)
For real (Keep shinin)
Real for keepin' it real, shout out to major niggas
Big Kawai, Jess, Hell in the computer system
The RZA, who slams fat discs for the ninety-four
(Word up, RZA, hes my nigga baby
Yeah, eatin dinner with the big boys now)
YaknowhatI'msayin?
Word up, Big Booth represent the Q
Knowhowedo, lamp, get that power-u, type, things on float
(The GZA, word up, Masta Killa)
The don of the Clan, Method Man, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Bastard
(U-God, word up baby Keep it real Son Keep packin' them guns)
Word up



"Oh, whaddya know? He comes"


Down, like water, fresh out the clouds clown
Ground you like terrible weather
Nobody does it better than I, so approved by Carly Simon
Most rappers is real hard, but still hardly rhymin
To all - rise and shine - give God the glory
I already give a percent of mine to Bert & Cory
And still got bills and employees to pay
So excuse me Lord, we'll settle up towards the end of my days
My ways of control is hard to swallow
Known to lead, but some would rather see me follow behind
Sorry to dis-appoint, but dis joint's mine
Dis-play your indie but say no -
- more or I'll blind you like Spit did to Ramo
- to the dirt - and edit the clip and lost Kano
My mens wear problems like Timbs
See it all in they face, ask Mase, he got wars to win
Scores to settle, crews to crush
You rush right in to see him do it with a smile
It's Long Isle y'all, longevity sustainin my celebrity status
From AM to PM, you see him on file y'all
I was told to step righteous, so when it's done
Everyone will say I stepped right
And whether through religion, or stopped by the cop
Shinin his flash in my face, I'm bound to see the light

"A few short words, and whaddya know?"
"Oh, whaddya know? He comes"


Aiyyo I'm up against these walls, here's my back stiff straight up
Dazzle and razzlin broads like I'm little Juan Magic
Magnetically handle mics, they don't drop
Top drama every time these commas don't drop
Pop spots like lint on your shirt, the net worth
To shoot the rock homey in many courts of ball
Four couldn't do it, so we bring all six
I circumcise the track, you just a dick - overlapped and hooded
Skin repeated like Stutterin John
I repeat like yesterday, it don't stop
George of this poor life pop, put to Scarlet
In a place she believes, much better than your lies
She say she lookin better in my eyes, bullshit!
Same crock she done ran to duck, crammin to fuck
I put the pudding on her like Bill Cosby
I tried to speak my piece in court but Judge Mills paused me
Bifocusedly die hopeless sometimes
Yo cry your poker face, you oughta try it one time
When God is an iPod, you stand to download
Demanded like slaves on trial - we want free
Man cock aim ready, it's time you MC
So you rappers bust bee-bee guns, graffiti runs
Through my veins since cable with the wired remote
Woodgrainin like you wired his float


C'mon, Pretty Toney and De La Soul
We was rhymin through the frozen street since 8 years old
Take us back to eighty-eight, you couldn't catch our flow
A group of kids so original

 You heard?




Tony 'Tana with big hammers for bad manners who got 'em
We kiss cannons for Scrangelous crew, and his whack dancers
Bitin is forbidden pah, pay that tax
And don't you ever look at us funny - boy, we'll bring rap back
And that'll hurt you like Superman, chased by a group of men
With dyna-mics, real hip-hop'll do you in
For you like Loo Goo Kim, or Moo Loo Inn
Hula hoop all bitches crew full with brand new Keds
Cutmaster kill 'em, make sure we cut classics
Buck bastards in broad day and tuck caskets
Next to Uday and Qusay, how can the group shoot the PA
And just lay whooptay whooptay?
Use the ruse, sport beads and snatch a dude's toupee
Since tunin into T-La Rock'n AJ
Ghostface gats is freshed squeezed like a glass of OJ
Girls you can go cruisin in my OJ

"A few short words, and whaddya know?"
"Oh, whaddya know? He comes"




The Wu-Tang Clan will rise again
There are many of us, all working for the good of the Wu-Tang
Die


So get your egg crashed by my Hellz Wind Staff
While the pictures broadcast and splash to tell the news
Like Katie Chung, how the bullet collapsed his lung
His father watched in horror as he swallowed his tongue
Another youth dead before the age of 21
Left his son to grow in the ghettos of the slums
Where the shots echo for twisted metal for cash flow
React slow nigga and get P.L.O
By the lone gunner who took revenge for his brother
Who got slain last summer by a cocaine runner
A new year is dawning, new crews is forming
Rival gangs warring, blood steadily pouring
The streets are deep son, every day is like a rerun
So I reach out and try to teach one
But 85% uncivilized content
No tolerance so a lifetime is spent
Behind a cage bent smoked out and on a park bench
Killer instinct, slave rap niggas get lynched


So yo break that nigga arm fast as a fuck
Tell Ra, Goldie left my beige jacket in his truck
To all you slew-footed penguins, ducking from these
Hot rocks that's flaming, chocolate for all you rap Damians
Spraying cards espionage, dodgeball square hard
Strip bars, no bras, wet leotards
In the making, next album 'Blood on Chef Apron'
Keep a Gambino PlayStation in your playpen
Discovery Channel, cats the Book of Daniel
Coke blunts hot as a fuck swatted bamboo
High school dropouts, baseheads get knocked the fuck out
On the regular for robbing a good nigga house
Rough cut raw doses, the unexplainable
Hot rock lava, gringo throw the Frusen Gladj


What you know about this specialist armed dangerous?
Hit you close range with this madness
Unique design shine like a deep dish
The beat kick technique split up your weak shit
Yes, the rhythm, the Rebel
Alone in my level heat it up past the boiling point of metal
Living legend, veteran known to set trend
Lethal weapon, step through your section
With the force like Luke Skywalker
Rhyme author, orchestrate mind torture
Live performer, bid the mic saynara
Borderline to insane, I rain firewater
Tape recorder, can't be saved by a court order
I got my sword across your throat, you choke


We on the run with the golden guns, get you none
When it reach out and teach someone, blaze their buns
Now I'm guilty by association
Times of blackness eclipsing the Sun, target practice
Commence when I throw these darts at these rappers
Ricochet, hit the charts, bloody your mattress
Hold me down, Wu bloodkin, I'm going in
Shooting bullets at the top ten, rhyme concoction
Blend like chameleon
All these niggas want cheese, is we mice or men, word up
We can go platinum but then still can't get no satisfaction
Once again back on the block crumb snatching
Blowing backs in cold blooded 9 assassins, time for action
Johnny Unitas, handle that like arthritis
Still, hold a golden touch like King Midas


Drowning problems in Heinekens imported from Holland
Getting boosted off of Killa Bee pollen
Stone columns get stacked by drum tracks, smack loud like gun claps
Pin a crab to death with a thousand thumbtacks
The Wu centerfold, it be's the Wind Ninja scroll
Soul edged blade controls your Interpol
The Fig Newt', fruit from the forbidden tree root
I stay secluded in the Chamber training new recruits
With Fatal Guillotine, the black hooded team what it means
When bullet screams from the hot Glock like rock from a sling
Pushed through like George Bush Operation Whoops
Shots get popped on the block causing blood to gush
From digital to analogue, the Wu-Wear camouflage
My entourage squad be stomping through Zanzibar
Like herds of cattle, RZA plays the wall like a shadow
Connecting Brooklyn/Shaol like the Verrazanno-Narrows


Stash the cream though, Iceatollah ice style gleamo
Lex graffiti name Ramo, hold em we rolling asking me though
Raps is hotter than hot tamales in Toledo
Pussy that shit she passing off to me though
We wax Ajax niggas with an axe, Maxamill
You could crash a mil got your back still
Scold em and fold em like the thousand dollar bills
Sit back eyeing y'all niggas out
Fakes that delegate we spitting fire out
Verb burglar, design the Wally shoe store reserve a jet status
Guyanese bird up on my mattress
Watch me mack this, Ralph Lauren goose incite a fashion
Yo, these hands is flooded and they mad quick
Strong approach like magnets, custom wood crane name
Styling rich, rsum the waves and one chain
Feeling mics like, wheeling a bike, slide like
Step on his Klondike, get your dart right, we moving on it like
Wind breaker niggas get they face broke, jewelery get snatched
Magazine right on the low, fuck y'all cats




Just another helpless fool in love is what I am
Just another helpless fool in love is what I am


Mary, you make me wanna eat you
Every time I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see through
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich like a magaziney model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess, just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder like
Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losing weight and letting everybody hit it
Unlike Ally (sometimes she gets bitter)
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her, back when I was looser
Respect her until to this day and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably could've been, if I'd never meet Evie
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though
Kept a shorty, man, find 'em much thinner
If caught I get mad time just for touching her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds
Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing
At times, she would play hard to get, fronting
Or something, she made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park, that's one sign
Had the God mentally sparked, reflecting sunshine
She said "you need to stop messing with that white girl
She fucking with your head and got your heart in a tight curl"
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dunce price OT
Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish
And Miss Hazy, older woman, mature black
Every time she sees me, I end up gettin' towed back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is, she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi
Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done gettin' my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on


Just another helpless fool in love is what I am


What's happening brown sugar? Say you look so good today
Ankle bracelet wrapped around your leg
Here have a seat, complimentary drinks is on me
Bartender, Chevalier Chateau at table three
Luxurious rings, eyes sparkling
What's your name sugar? Juanita Cash Hawkins
Your complexion gives a reflection of
Sometime a black woman just need to be loved
Quiet and shy, baby girl my gift got you high
Made you wanna hit me with the keys to that five?
Just joking baby, I have a sharp sense of humour
Wish I would've bumped into your frame a lot sooner
What's your physical degree, thirty one, thirty three
Half Hawaiian with a slight touch of Chinese
Seen you working at a law firm on Fifth Avenue
Three blocks from the Gucci spot is where I trapped you
Yo, I'm all into older woman, who's happy living
Love kids and, keep all our business in the crib and
And not afraid to die with me the God on your side
We holding hands 'til death do us apart and then we slide
Earring in the left side of your nose, love my combo
Should have left my Wis' a thousand times maybe tonight though
Yo, you sexy motherfucker, damn, what's the recipe?
You make a nigga wanna god damn!
Can you cook darling? At the stove you're evolving
Baked macaroni, turkey wings, a nigga starving
Here take my number let me pull the chair from under
I had fun plus your backyard speak with thunder


Love was never born to say goodbye
Love was never born to say goodbye
Love was never born to say goodbye
Love was never born to say goodbye
Love was never born to say goodbye
Just another helpless fool in love is what I am
Just another helpless fool in love is what I am
Just another helpless fool in love is what I am




Yo, I've seen Raj
He been a friend for years
Now your boy in blue, how he switched up gears
He said how I been?
I got a ear full of bad news
Your block is corrupt and it's time to choose
We got some niggas running drugs that can't be touched
Unless you wanna' handle the dirt, it'll mean so much
I said I got this, message received
I'mma clean up the block like you wouldn't believe
Call me Mr. Clean, aka Starkiano
Nine years later slid across the Verrazano
Clean sweep, apply pressure to the scum
This is my town, Stapleton is where I'm from
Third shot slapped in the head with a juice box
Grenade with no pin in his mouth, this is my block
And Bamboo fucking with this is absurd
I'mma handle my bee's wax, that's my word


Came up out the darkness, searching for light
I know home is where my heart is
And now nothing seems right
I tried to make peace and cut my losses
And carry on somehow
But I've come much too far, man
Too late to turn back now, here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again


9 joints, my nigga youre home
Streets is different


Yeah, yeah, welcome home Starks'
Remember us? At the jams in the parks
All gold guzzlers,  Wallabee Clarks
Young cold hustlers, obviously sharp
Voom with the purpose to bloom, so in tuned
Dialogue like the Disciples in the circle of goons
My ace boon, then you got sent to the tombs
And shit went left, had to pinch my flesh
And figure some other scheme to get cream, reign supreme
You know everything ain't what it seems
So I switched up size, had switch up lives
And now I can fuck life and rip her thighs
A badge and a gun that's legal, it's more lethal
Than any local dealer that's evil leave you peoples
The sequel
Me and you both could split a loaf
Just need you a little closer
You could squeeze that toast
And knock off targets, starting with the hardest
By next year my nigga, we be the largest
Felonies done with no charges






Allow me to demonstrate the skill of Shaolin
The special technique of Shadowboxing


Poisonous, poisonous (word word word)
I should slap all y'all niggas for coming in my fucking face with that shit
Alright cool yeah, go ahead man...
Poisonous


This game is mine fool get back
Read these lyrics and get cataracts
I'm coming at you swinging with a battle axe
If you wanna battle ask bitch I'm not your average I'll stick to you like a cactus you're not a rapper you're a bad actress
Motherfucker I'm savage eat you alive like cabbage leave you covered in bandages
Spitting so fast you didn't know if it was spanish
I'll take more advantage of you like any man on the planet
Damn it motherfucker you are a faggot you talk more shit than your ass say one more thing and I'll cram it with a rodent
Reload my pen like heroin and start spitting, killing, frenzies at all you emcee's then come back for more like you was Monica Lewinsky whore
I stuff you with lyrical bullets like adjectives in my margins so tell your sarge I'm in charge
I barge in with a mouth like a .38 Magnum, Shootin', Splatterin', your brains like Flapjacks and Bacon
I'm a product of M.E.T.H.O.D Man and Rakim rock your whole team
I reign supreme, Will Rehm, ain't nothing to fuck with so bring the ruckus Suckas' get beat purplish, I'm serving you so bring your dish
Spitting menacing until I'm finished
If I ever meet my match I'm a strike that bitch first
Bitch this is spitboxing I'll leave you hollering, "Nurse nurse my hearts about to burst"
Cardiovascular
I'm sucking the life out of you like a vacuum cleaner
You get swept up like an old man's broom
I'm taking you to your tomb
Reached in pulled you out of your mom's womb
Replaced your dome with Shrooms
The doom surrounds the gloom then all of a sudden I throw you for a loop like "what up son" I'm the rebirth of Raekwon
Nice to know you're done with my verbal Punishment
All the shit you spit you bit but you're scared to admit it
I'm about to put an end to it
I bust rhymes infinite
We different your shit is excrement just accept it
Tracks I wreck it like Inspectah Deck kid
I'm busting lids like hit man bids
Reload my pen with more Heroin
Don't take my name in Vain
You get hooked like a line of blow to your brain, Cocaine and you wonder what the hell I need more vicodin for
I grip the Microphone like a Chrome aiming at your smug dome on Garden Home
Busting like cordless Shottie's I'm stacking piles of Bodie's like I shot up a lobby full of paparazzi waiting for Eric B. and his Compadre
Don't sweat my technique
Yo, Dead Presidents is what I'm resurrecting


Step on to Gleneden this Sadist William will spill your cranium like Salad dressin'
When I'm pressing my pen on this pad it's sweltering
When I'm spitting in the lab your face is melting like I'm tripping of an Acid Tab
Beat you Raw with my Southpaw Style you won't last sixteen rounds in this Bar fight hooks flying and Punchlines
Rhymes rattle your mind like Crooks with land mines, bombs, and Rocket Launchers
Crush your mind like a pill crusher snort it like Duster the rest of you swept up by a street sweeper
I'm a beat eater full of lighter Fluid
Everything I spit is Fire like a flame thrower
Cut you like a D-J mixer motherfucker
Step in this cypher it's over
I'm an atomic Bomb dropper Machine Gunner Rhymes is always clever
Sending you to the Rehab center for lyrical seizures
Destroying every Emcee in the 5-oh-3 vicinity
Weaponry is Heavily
Bust rhymes till your head empty
R-I-P O-D-B I'll see you one day homie
This is lyrical M-M-A
You think you strong?
Step in this octagon you're dead wrong
I'm bigger than LeBron on the jumbotron
Armed with a Lyrical firearm
Did I stutter motherfucker?
Sending Clouts in and out no doubt
Spitting more bars than Alcatraz, tougher than Prison Guards
I'm Al Capon on this Microphone
I got it going on
You're dead wrong
Reload more Heroin
I step off, laughing




We were on a mission
Trying to go gun somebody down
I got like three feet behind him
And I guess he felt somebody behind him
And when he flinched to look back I shot him
I shot him right in the face
I seen his whole jaw just, fly
Just his teeth were on the sidewalk


Yo, a-yo, it's Deni, Staten Island, slang therapist
Local gemologist, back like Apollo Kids
Brutal, stir a nigga brain like a cup of noodle
Tony Picasso didn't shit, but a little doodle
Goo-goo face, keep new boo laced
Screaming out, "More bass", spazzing on tour dates
Ding donging bitches flicking they pussy lips
French vanilla butter pecan, I call 'em sugar tits
Palming they ass, one finger in the stinker
Forty pound herringbone chain without a kinker
Minger, my fur got stashed by some chambers
Barracuda grip, big stones is in my banger
El Chapo, guns more rockier than mountain
Stopped the James Bond van and piss in the fountains
We out


The only motherfucker that's thought of like he a mystical
It's criminal, the way that he slaughter all of the physical
Horror is not predictable, honor is not a ritual
It's Hell up in Harlem when they shot him in 1962
The nine is lifting you to a higher body, celestial
The pistol do the damage, no matter what the medicinal
Hiding behind municipal, got inside the invincible
I tried to find a rhyme that can silence the higher sentinel
You added to the violence, the violence is my monopoly
Feed 'em to the assassin, then smash 'em like he was pottery
Slash 'em with the isosceles, haram passed me the Wallabees
I'll take the Glock and flee after robbing 'em like democracy
How could you be honoring the fallen father, the harbinger
The foreigner of everything, holy call me the conqueror
The room darkener, I'm the toolie toter, the carpenter
The God philosopher, it's the holy mountain, the sorcerer
Muerte




One-two, one-two, yo
What the fuck is the deal, it's Toney Starks, nigga
Ya niggas know what time it is, the kid with the lazer beam vocals
You know you messing with a dart master, right now
J-Love, hit them niggas


Yo, who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond, in the Octagon, with two razors
Bet ya'll didn't know I had a fake arm, I lost it
Wild in war, before rap, I was gettin' it on
Choke a fat nigga out in like forty seconds, my gun get hard
With a .45 steel erection
Eagle on, Kangol hat slanted, coconut, bounce to Morocco
Guerilla medallions, like Flava Flav clock, yo
Niggas want me dead, but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out, like a hysterectomy
When beef collide, look on the flip, buy a penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging, frauds is lifting
They drawers on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga, resemble, Keenen Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place, dirt bomb rappers get shadowboxed
For training, ya'll still eating bacon...

"Hidden Darts"

"Hidden Darts"


Yo, I've done walked on fire (fire), never got burnt (burnt)
Slept on glass (glass), never got cut (cut)
And broke a few nose bones, yo, light off a round or two
At certain dudes where they dropped they phones
Yo this straight crack (yeah), even my hand got tooken to jail
For writing murder, my wrist couldn't take it in bail
Then left my fingers for dead, told 'em
"I ain't have nothing to do with the writing"
I hold you down when you be squeezing that lead
Shopping sprees, with my mans on the corner watch D's
Rolling in threes, in them purple capri's'
A gritty bop, my rocks is bigger, wallo's with the gold tassels
Your old slave, with Starkey Love on the shackle
And I stay fly underwater, my toes is iced out
Poofed the nails off, ya faggots can figure the price out
It's chump change, ya'll bitch niggas go get my coco
Get my slippers, before I go gun ho!

"Hidden Darts"

"Hidden Darts"


Ya'll niggas hold your fucking necks
Before you put them shits to sleep
You know what I mean, daddy
It's real like that, coming at all ya'll niggas this year
I gots to come for that title, baby, I don't give a fuck who holding it
Youknowhatimean? Tone on the come up
Youknowhatimean, I'm playing on ya'll niggas, man
So yo, ya'll niggas know what the fuck time it is and shit
Slow the fuck down, nigga, throw this shit in, it's real...

"Hidden Darts"




One-two, one-two, yo
What the f**k is the deal, it's Toney Starks, nigga
Ya niggas know what time it is, the kid with the lazer beam vocals
You know you messing with a dart master, right now
J-Love, hit them niggas


Yo, who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond, in the Octagon, with two razors
Bet ya'll didn't know I had a fake arm, I lost it
Wild in war, before rap, I was gettin' it on
Choke a fat nigga out in like forty seconds, my gun get hard
With a .45 steel erection
Eagle on, Kangol hat slanted, coconut, bounce to Morocco
Guerilla medallions, like Flava Flav clock, yo
Niggas want me dead, but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out, like a hysterectomy
When beef collide, look on the flip, buy a penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging, frauds is lifting
They drawers on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga, resemble, Keenen Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place, dirt bomb rappers get shadowboxed
For training, ya'll still eating bacon...

"Hidden Darts"

"Hidden Darts"


Yo, I've done walked on fire (fire), never got burnt (burnt)
Slept on glass (glass), never got cut (cut)

And broke a few nose bones, yo, light off a round or two
At certain dudes where they dropped they phones
Yo this straight crack (yeah), even my hand got tooken to jail
For writing murder, my wrist couldn't take it in bail
Then left my fingers for dead, told 'em
"I ain't have nothing to do with the writing"
I hold you down when you be squeezing that lead
Shopping sprees, with my mans on the corner watch D's
Rolling in threes, in them purple capri's'
A gritty bop, my rocks is bigger, wallo's with the gold tassels
Your old slave, with Starkey Love on the shackle
And I stay fly underwater, my toes is iced out
Poofed the nails off, ya faggots can figure the price out
It's chump change, ya'll bitch niggas go get my coco
Get my slippers, before I go gun ho!

"Hidden Darts"

"Hidden Darts"


Ya'll niggas hold your f**king necks
Before you put them shits to sleep
You know what I mean, daddy
It's real like that, coming at all ya'll niggas this year
I gots to come for that title, baby, I don't give a f**k who holding it
Youknowhatimean? Tone on the come up
Youknowhatimean, I'm playing on ya'll niggas, man
So yo, ya'll niggas know what the f**k time it is and shit
Slow the f**k down, nigga, throw this shit in, it's real...

"Hidden Darts"




Yeah, nothin' but fly beats runnin' float
Around here and shit, about to pop off all (from outta
The robes, to the new world)
It's about to pop off, (Ghostface and Lazer Face
And you never this shit before) Hide ya face, yo
I told y'all niggas it's about to pop (hide ya face)
Here we go, come on man, New York, we got y'all niggas up top
(Fuck this, hide ya face) Hold me down, Brooklyn


Yo, this is Ghostface/Theodore, I'm magically suspicious
Police try to get money, and sell my pictures
To the star ledger, (tell 'em), inquirin' minds wanna know
How Pretty Tone get robes as soft as snow
Where the bird go? That shit flew south for the winter
Why my piece hold the face, the size of plates at dinner
Was Masquerade a true story? What happened to the Clan?
Did I really dodge death? Am I true Ironman?


Yo, this is Lazer Face, El Producto, Funcrusher, dance to this
I leg sweepin', runnin' man stance, with my commandment
Spit that, hardly arty, semi-retarded and grawnny
Ungodly stoppin' me, put holes in your body heat
Avoid your eminence front with a coat hanger
That lick off, of the set of altercation without anger
Was that the shit you running with? Equip this with a pair of scissors
Cook coke with a Brooklyn word poet, with Tony, the Iron Wizard


You be lyin' to the fans on your tape (hide ya face)
Cuz radio don't play you, doesn't mean that you great
Baby, less talk and shit in my face (hide ya face)
Muthafucka, we hold the legendary breath that we take
You ridin' dirty when your man, had the plates (hide ya face)
Wear your seatbelt, and make sure to keep it light on the brakes
You been crafted by the United States (hide ya face)
You wind up gunnin' out a chopper, another man and his hate
Oh break... (hide ya face)


Oh shit, when the beat gon' drop?
Fuck it, I'm gonna get big money, here we go nigga


Embarresed her, bastard bet, the colamity, rap knowledge
Or fever, amonk liquids stickin' ya character
Paintin' obituaries, with a Krylon cepter
Last of the unforgiven, spittin' insanity lectures
From where, from the era of the Dapper Dan tecture
I'm fully pullin' on loosy nukie, from the BK sector
Oh was that the shit you runnin' with? Yeah, bitch with a broken cattle prod
The eyes on both, of the male room supervisor, of my last job


Aiyo, it's Tony Starks, the Wallabee clarks, the fly minks
The first nigga to pop, them yellow bottles for drinks
Big links, only built for D. Coles, I peep hoes
You god damn right, I fuck fans, and get G. robes
And spinnach, bread like the Pillsbury dough
I got a red nose pick, with the high pro glow
My hydro flow? I got it locked, but y'all don't know
Watch when your enterprise go public, and Starks just blow






I'm from a place where fish was made
Cordoroy Baley's, sportin' those Rakim caves
Rakeem came, high self esteem promised me
A moment in life, just to wreck yall lames
Throw the Tec to your brain, puttin' the best to shame
This is Theodore, best to tuck those Dana Dane's
See me comin' (blaow!) start runnin' and (blaow! blaow!)
Aiyo... (blaow! blaow! blaow!)
Who them fly niggas when we walk through the party
Pimp talk with the Mac strapped to our body
Bartender's nervous, afraid to serve us, bad service
Un smacked him on purpose and see this drunk come and berp us
Paper chasers, Starky stayed up in the makings
Theodore conquer the four devils wit the patience
Cellphones is blowin', the crews not available
Ask 'Donna, word in the town, we the realest dudes
We don't need no diamond rings
All we need is a drum, like, fuck it, he can rhyme, I'll sing
And in my Yankee hat, you can drop five beans
And then run back to momma, like, all I know is..


Holla holla holla.. if you want to, I love you (I love you)
Holla holla holla if you want to, I love you (I love you)


When I walk through any function
You bet your ass that the 4/5'll cook, fuck your wack looks
Fuck platinum, fuck, let me show ya'll crooks
This is legit rap, I.R.S. can suck my books
I'm a family man, Clan mixed with Theodore
My boots hang over the telephone wires on Broad'
Word to MetLife, Tony got insurance on his mics
Smoke mad shit and still got endurance when he fight
Both hands clusty, bank account dusty!
Ever, say, my name, again, you pussy!
Like, an angry, cripple, man, don't push me!
Don't believe the kid, listen to me..




Dirty told me to rock the spot (yeah)
Freak the beats cuz the streets is raw (go 'head)
Don't believe what you see, just watch (true)
Speak to the seeds, give 'em lead on jobs (come on)
Educate, keep it peace wit Gods (that's right)
In return, happiness in globs (yeah)
We see the future like a psychic's palm


The things I'm saying are true
And the way I explain them to you, yes to you
Listen to me






Ayo, ayo, ayo, high potency Thai, smoke a bag of black
And feel the vibe, born to be wise, we form on a rise
The corner mean five, horns in disguise, throw on your slides
Young niggas racist, smokers is basing
We seen the eyes laying up, playing the cut, what?
Stay in the truck, something told me duck, folded me up
My shoulders struck out of luck, fucked the Pradas up
Fell in a daze like a Golotta snuff, niggas tried to body me up
I'm in the lobby bleeding, niggas in the waiting office probably eating
And sprinting and beefing when they heard the shots called the precinct
And seen barber nieces beast, some niggas shot Shallah features
And shot through his Ellesses, bent the spinal cordless creatures
I'm gagging and flagging a cab down
Guess who in the Benz wagon, dragging my sound down macking
It was Dale Breedy the greedy, conniving-ass snake genie
Cop with a bikini who murdered charge and benini
I'm feeling wheezy and I'm drained from the cheeba grieving
Ain't even looking decent, seeing police niggas reaching


That splash against my hollow bones
That rocks my...


Fleeing the crime scene speeding
Beefing leaving behind cream, not even peeping that I was leaking
Won't see the precinct just got a recent case beaten
Still jakes are creeping, don't blow your spot, stay the weekend
Keep the Ruger peeling who's squealing few knew the dealings
Keep the steel concealed in cause we got no time for feelings
Eyes on the building guards are on the corners illing
Million dollar block villain plotting on a killing
Feel like, a superhero talking like a true Deniro
They boost his ego found him broke down, reduced to zero
Cops fill reports hoping I'll reveal my source, source


That splash against my hollow bones
That rocks my soul


Outside the check cashing, flashing, dipped in fashion
Five cherry-faced faggots tried to cash in
They keep laughing  Ghost, you'll get your face bashed in
Who gave you these privileges son? Why you maxing?
And we... fiending to take those
Move slow, I'm hearing how you broke Rob's nose
And I heard you keep a banging hammer, golden brass
Diamonds embroideries that was stolen that you haven't reported, G
Make very little noise, my shit hiccup
Don't make this big stick up big up me and the boys
I thought for a second then chose rather than froze
Had the Gem Star in my hand... yo, what the fuck?
Yo, that's when I ripped Timothy, snatched and dipped
Jumped right in back of him, had the mini axe tool, faxed him
Shots rang off, bing-boggle-de-dum





The sword it's the best weapon of all
Two sharp edges, and a long spine
The blade is very thin and it's easily damaged
You remember that: the vital thing is the point
Pay special attention to it, your life could depend on it




(Bobby Digital) Wu-Tang Killa Beez
(It's all about Bobby, I'm floating in your galaxy)


You falling down a endless tunnel of doom reality
Graphically my Killa Bee family stings the galaxy
Insanity, titanium stomach devouring Guinness
My flesh is solid stone despite my outer appearance
Still disease kills viruses, planets and racial creatures
Made MCs sprout tumours so bad, lost facial features
Waste your peoples left out in the rain, fountains of pain
Eighty shots to the mouth and the brain, shouting my name
Holocaust, black man whose veins littered with thorns
Back smack you so hard, all your seeds will be born deformed
Swarm dorms, sting birds, fling verbs like mean curves
Strike three, mics flee, I infect 'em with green germs
Ringworm cause I'm filthy and guilty, dastardly mastery
My felony melody has to be a bastard's masterpiece
Stop grafting me, chump-ass niggas eyeing me, tempt me
I'll break it down simply, I'm horrifyingly empty
Spitting darts on the tip of a glacier used for my hideout
Rock crush or German suplex, watch spines slide out
The side route, forearm bash with twenty jabs
On the ave or your lab, get stabbed and bloodied bad
While I'm sipping herbal teas, verbal bees plant fertile seeds
Bitches leave with broke backs, swollen palms and purple knees
Circle thieves like vultures in deserts rest on a cactus
Got Oscar nominee MCs stuck to my hatchet
Drastic indescribable pain, I injure bars
While Bobby's throwing razor CDs like ninja stars


Chick-chick-chick-chick-chick-chick-chhhhh
Yo, yo, yo, drop down a manhole, yo I rap ammo
Blows out your candle, check, yo


Drop down a manhole, I rap ammo, blows out your candle
Have Wu-Tang tagged up on your tombstone by Gano
Release the info, .44 increase your heart tempo
Scared your ass, you jumped through a closed window
To a hundred beats per a second, my mic's secret weapon
Infuriate your style to that of Led Zeppelin
Encyclopaedia Britannica, Hanna-Barbera
World of Super Adventure couldn't give a proper word
Of the scripture of my manner
You're just a flicker to my inferno, we burn for eternal
MCs delight popcorn, we popping every kernel
Jot this in your journal, we hot like a thermal
Nuclear explosion, undermine control of your country
Like the Federal Enforcement Management Agency
My technique be vocabulary freak
C-cyphers say my divine is like Dante's Peak
At most, you'll be trapped off in Patmos
Get smacked in the back of your neck with the black toast
King Cobra black brew pack and bare foot
On the roof dusted out, waiting for chariots
Popping like Orville Redenbacher or Betty Crocker
The Pop Secret is the .45 Glock popper
Control men like rats that's controlled by Ben or Willard
American Express privileges, blood spillage
We got more bars then billets, Star-Spangled Banner Soldier stand up, Cobra Commander stop the propaganda
Thirty shot banana clip, full-loaded, radar scanners get decoded
Digital warfare torments your head, eyes bloated
Heads exploded, poison darts quoted
American eagle stinging up Blue Beetle Bailey
On the rocks mixed with Hennessey daily
Keep thee scaly Israeli niggas from the Clan
We bide the Amish that'll harness the promised land


You can't escape from the Doctor of Doom, my lyrics zoom on buffoons
And take flight like witches brooms at full moon
On all you Dum-Dums, wash your filthy rhymes away like soap scum
The warlord swing flaming swords just like a shogun
Of the darkness, my scriptures cause arson like flaming arches
My Killa Bee sting remains accurate like a marksman
So take precaution, we attack like black Martians
Corner the market by using digital strategies
Reefer sparks my acid battery, y'all niggas flatter me
With all that tough talk, I drop bombs like Mookie Blaylock
From the outside or the inside, create intense rides
When my pen glides all MCs will get their head fly
For talking shit, lyrics always strike throughout my dungeon pit
Killa Bees must reign supreme throughout the continent
We conquered it, motherfuckers


The beat terminal, exquisite young Cooley High production
Caught up in the hollow head suction
Ten pogo sticks, two black belts that break bricks
Diet Coke meetings with the rich, I'm faithfully
Married to Rap, we've been engaged for twelve years
Tyson bit Holyfield's ear, we love the sport
Look out your window, now see, pull up the shade
Y'all be amazed, me Tony Starks spaceship
Ran by a Duracell, the only man out walked through Hell
Dick swinging like shit went well
Call it the mighty Joe Young, double swirl slush
Wonder Woman's sapphire shit with the pearls
It looked real nice yo, heavy on the gravy
Dirt bagged the secretary in the graze
She typed eighty words from whirlwinds to whirlpools
Openly sea, watch the Earth spin, Sunny dance with the serpent
Who shot JJ it was Mudbone, the same nigga riding the train
Same nigga with his name on his jacket
Swift and changeable, inhaled the bad bag of that Jason
Fell out twice in the basement, straight up and down y'all




This nigga Tony think he back? Fuck that, I'ma fold niggas
Make a mothafuckin' example out him, I'ma show niggas
Around the way I done told them niggas
Fuck the OGs, we got the same type of guns as them older niggas
I know he killed the dawg so I'm holdin' grudge
It's a homi' on any and everybody that he love
Hold up, there go his man Mick
In the car with his kids, I'ma split his mothafuckin' wig
Follow him to the crib and park up the block
Go in the trunk, grab my mothafuckin' 40 Glock
On my way thinkin' this nigga gotta get it
I'ma empty out the clip so that Tony gets the message
Kick in the door, started lettin' off
Mick fell through the table, got wrapped up in the tablecloth
Skated off in the darkness of night
Left my callin' card on the body and said "fuck your life"


Shit is brutal, I gotta get made then bounce
36 seasons, I'm stuck back on the couch
Like a potato, I don't play though
I'm stone cold son, these lames is built like Play-Doh

I seen Mick's body on the floor covered in sheets
And a note that says I'm a dead man walkin'
An empty soul just headed for the coffin
This is crazy, they took my brother, they must be clueless
I'ma get that mothafucka, I'm ruthless
Relentless,  than a dusted out Navy Seal
I'ma skin him alive, that's for real
I ain't goin' nowhere, they let the beast out the cage
The face of a killer, straight up, on a rampage
War path, blood bath, a killing spree
I'ma show these mothafuckas how it's meant to be

 x2
Ayo go against the grain, I smell a massacre
I'll stick a bomb in your limo, blow up your passengers
Kill every one of 'em, leave no witnesses
Time for revenge, now live out your sentences


I ain't goin' nowhere
I ain't goin' nowhere
Y'all mothafuckas comin' for my head?
This is Tony Starks, you can't stop me, mothafucka
Nigga I wipe my dick on your spaghetti fork, nigga
I'm gettin' this money, nigga, for life, nigga, forever
And I ain't talkin' 'bout shoebox money neither, nigga




Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump
Troops on the left, fight to the death
Fam on the right, infrared lights
Wolves in the back, ready to attack, for what
Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump


I pop off like a mobster boss
Angel hair with the lobster sauce
Summertime can't top the scorch
Check my hot broad, I dropped the Porsche
FBI wanna watch the force, trying to lock my source
Where I'm from, hear the macs, techs, Glocks and fours
Hide the safe, nigga, lock the doors
No respect for the cops and laws
In the land where your own blood brother still plot for yours
Seen things that'll drop your jaw
My soldiers got dropped in war, see the mural on the project wall?
Won't stop til I copped them all
Wanna block me? You gots to brawl, trade shots and all
Cuz I ain't on the clock for talk
The Spot Rusher, blow down the spot for sure
Still break off the block with raw, my stock is more
The General, watch your board


Deep pockets with the eight on me, sleep with the safe in the wall
The camo's on with the make-up and all
Swap six 45's, twist reefer in the flicks, papi whoadie ride
Bolt his gun off, from know your horse, she lied
Fly criteria, bury me in Africa
With whips and spears, and rough diamonds out of Syria
A true don, only I could do wrong
Rock fitted hats, get crack money and drive a sick blue joint
Retard-less, I'mma blow regardless
Resume is straight up live, I shank niggas up for larger E's
And speak with the youth in the spot, eat the fresh fruit in the crop
All these hip hoppers eat cock
You could see me in the street or the yacht
I'd rather be promoting your block or buying fresh sneakers with gwops
Yo, I'm an ill dude, always been a real dude
Don't fuck around, I will spill on you and kill you in the field, boo


Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump
Troops on the left, fight to the death
Fam on the right, infrared lights
Wolves in the back, ready to attack, for what
Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump


Leather jackets on, rocked up rock stars
Treacherous bank robbers, the plan go dub, we pop guards
The team gotta eat, seeds is hungry, that's why we ain't scared
To dump on niggas, our guns is chunky
Usually we bust niggas down with bats, swell up they joints
Elbow, wrists, they shins get cracked
We still humiliate, brutalize, Ruger pop, pulverize
Still got gear in the closet, that's stupid live
From Benetton rugby skullies, Oshkosh conductor jumpers
The train hats fit me lovely
Rae job is to make sure the coke is fluffy
While I politic his birthday bash with Puffy
Bagged Nia soon as I linked up, the kid ain't inked up
I'm an old mummy, my gold weigh as much as King Tut (yeah, yeah)
Slippers, robes is minked up, under the doorag, bro (uh, yo, yo)
My three dimensional fade is clean cut


Man, ya'll niggas ain't shit to us, still a pistol bust
Split your melon like I split the Dutch
Got a lot of piff to puff, and I ain't come for fisticuffs
Or for the cop that wanna clip the cuffs
Man, is Staten in this bitch or what?
Don't get it twisted, we, twist it up and even mixed with dust
See these fans can't resist the rush, they Wu-Tang for life
Scarred for life, they can't forget the cuts
Got a whole line of classic joints, and while you at it
Pass the joint, let's push this music past the point
Of no return, til it crash and burn, down the ashes
Then placed inside Ol' Dirty Bastard's urn
When it's my time to go, for sure, ya nigga goes to war
What you think I brought these soldiers for?
To send shot, like forget me not, at any nigga
Respect, bitch, that figure they gon' get me got


Heheh, your basic kung fu's no good
You can't move fast enough!
And you don't have enough strength!
And your body movements are like a street fighter!
It's too easy for me to trip you up!
(Fighting sounds)
Heheh, how's it feel, eh?
Ah, it's no good I feel my back's broken!
Heheh, you've still got a lot to learn!




Hey miss whattup? Tone got luck
I wore a lot of jewelry and I never got stuck!
Cats like the way I write, dressed like a superstar
Take care of family so I don't have stupid cars
Peace to all the single ladies, struggle with a rough life
Baby daddy threaten that's aight, check out my man Trife
Represent Stapleton, raised in the West
780 Henderson, now I'm the best
Stoppin all bets, slammin niggas like Barkley
Back in my reefer days, sellin you parsley
Always kept aluminum, bats in the car seat
Them not show doin them, that's where the NARCs be
Came to play no games and stay in your lane
And the ratchet's on your brain and fuck entertainment y'all
The big spender rock a robe in November
I never broke but I throw my trees up in the blender


Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?


Yo~! Better shoe spots, red and blue drops
I used to serve those, those my rooftops
Dane cracked the window when the fuckin room's hot
If my CD was skippin get a different boombox
New socks full of Polo, champ rugged low Mocc's
So hot, right before I popped the fuckin show stopped
You can't box, I seen better hands on an old clock
The old ox never marked you, I'mma blow pop
Prophesized Don it's me, aqua blue mink
And my bitch arms'll be, 20 G's scrill
Niggas like "Pardon me," I'mma be honesty
Your man with the Dom P more like Sean Connery
Heard he fight crime like the old man Barnaby
Givin you the business, crackheads and the wannabeez
And I keep drugs in the Tony Starks pharmacy
Desperate Housewives slobbin me cause they honor me




Hey, Mister! Please let my niggas in
Thugs and my women in, you don't want no problem with meeeEEEE
We got them burners on the dancefloor
Goons is already in, shanks and machetes in
Three to the head again, Ghost Remy HennesyyyYYYY
All y'all haters wit'chall mad for?






A nigga like me, man, I love the game, I love the hustle, man
I be feeling like one of them ball playing niggas, you know?
A Bird, a Magic, or something, yeah, you know a nigga got dough
A nigga can leave the league, but if I leave
The fans still gonna love me, man?
I get love out here, I done sold coke on these streets, man
Hash, weed, heroin, as long as niggas is feeling it
A nigga like me can hustle it, that's my gift in life, A
You know? Funny man, you a hustling muthafucker, man
(Uh, I heard it was rocking out here, where the dough at, man?)
{You know how what it is}
(These niggas out here, yeah, they got the move straight up)
{Aiyo, next fiend that come thru, I'm tackling them, I don't give a fuck}
(What the fuck you looking at man?) {I need like five sales in a row, man
Y'all niggas fall back} (What the hell my niggas at, man, straight up and down man
We ain't playing out here) {I'm out here, right now, man
Everything is me, when I'm out here, man} (Take a break or get broke)


Hustle hard, money stack, sell that dope, sell that crack
Sell that pack, sell that gat, sell that pussy, holla back!


We hustle hard in the city of Gods
With dedicated dealers, take this shit for a serious job
Thugs with hideous scars, bag the prettiest broads
And teach 'em how to move coke in they panties and bra's
My pops stayed on the hustle cause the family was large
No fancy cars, no shrimp scampi or caviar
Just a cold plate of agony mixed with a harsh reality
Fuck a donation, we started our own charities
We had to hustle, we ain't caking like Russell
So if you live how we live, you can relate to the struggle
Me and my niggas running wild like some apes in the jungle
Paper chasing, serving fiends, at the gate when they come through
This one's for all my Newport slingers, dope heads that'll chew off fingers
Just to shoot that thing up, get on ya grind
Cause while your getting yours, I'm getting mines
If you need some tips on how to hustle, drop me a line




Hustle hard, that's the only way a nigga know how
Been grinding most of my life, and I ain't gon' stop now
Growing up, I remember them days, slinging that beige
Pumping trays on the first of the month, niggas was paid
I learned the tricks of the trade, with the flip or the save
When you bag up, wear rubber gloves and clean off the blade
I used to watch my older brother carve stones at the table
And my moms home, it was new to my 'view', like Star Jones
In and out of buildings, lamping in halls with eight balls
Way before they had the cameras installed
That was 9-7, when Biggie Smalls gave us the script
The Ten Crack Commandments on how to manage your bricks
Shopping bags, popping tags, with the brand new in shit
No more hand-me-down rags, my appearance was dipped
I'm on my grind like coffee beans, I'm gon' sale
Worldwide I got fiends on line like AOL






Technique is ill son, watch how I spill one
Peace to Biggie, 2Pac, Big L and Big Pun
Havoc on the streets of Staten, snitches
House niggas, children watch as they produce the same pattern
Somebody raped our women, murdered our babies
Hit us with the cracks and guns in the early 80's
For those that murdered me shall stand before God
To fall at the hands of fate, then out comes the rod
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back
What the fuck is going on, I can't go to sleep
Feds jumping out their jeeps, I can't go to sleep
Babies with flies on they cheeks, it's hard to go to sleep
Ish bowled two 6's twice, I couldn't go to sleep
Aiyyo we deep in the stairs, we carry big guns
Whippy got hit up with the big shit, bong bong
Stop at the cheeba spot, then pass the leak spot
Drove past y'all niggas again, you took a cheap shot
Not knowing, fucking with me you get your meat chopped
You thought we fell on our face, you need to be stopped
Call on the chariots, call on an ambulance
You better smile, my nigga you on Candid Cam
Gangsta broad, these be the laws, walk with big balls
Nigga, motherfucking eunuch, I even take which was yours
I'm the nigga that made you, man
When your rap wasn't doing well I'm the nigga that gave you a hand


Don't kill your brother, learn to love each other
Don't get mad, cause it ain't that bad
Look at who you are, you've come too far
It's in your hands, just be a man
Get the jelly out your spine
Cobwebs out of your mind


I can't go to sleep, I can't shut my eyes
They shot the father at his mom's building seven times
They shot Malcolm in the chest, front of his little seeds
Jesse watched as they shot King on the balcony
Exported Marcus Garvey cause he tried to spark us
With the knowledge of ourselves and our forefathers
Oh Jacqueline you heard the rifle shots crackling
Her husband's head in her hands, you tried to put it back in
America's watching, blood-stained ink blotches
Medgar took one to the skull for integrating college
What's the science? Somebody? This is trick knowledge
They try to keep us enslaved and still scrape for dollars
Walking through Park Hill, drunk as a fuck
Looking around like these Devils
I'm ready to break this world down
They got me trapped up in a metal gate
Just stressed out with hate
And just give me no time to relax and use my mind to meditate
What should I do, grab a blunt or a brew
Grab a .22 and run out there and put this fucking violence in you
I can't go to sleep, I can't shut em, son.. I


Don't let the game make you lose your head
You should be calling the shots instead
The power is in your hands
Stop all this crying and be a man






Ma, Ma, throw down some money
The ice cream man is coming


Watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is getting touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, who tears it up


Yo honey dip, summertime fine, jewelry dripping
Seen you on Pitkins with a bunch of chickens how you're clicking
I kept shooting strong notes as we got close
She rocked rope, honey throat smelling like Impulse
Your whole shell baby's wicked like Nimrod
Caught me like a fresh-water scrod, or may I not be God
Attitude is very rude boo, crabby like seafood
It turns me on like Vine's Cee Allah Rule
They call me Starky Love hon, check the strategy
By any means, Shirley Temple curls was done by Billie Jeans
Black Mrs. America, your name is Erica, right true
Lazy eyeball, small feet, six shoe
Caramel complexion, breath smelling like cinnamon
Excuse me hon, the Don mean no harm, turn around again
God damn, backyard's banging like a Benzi
If I was jiggy, you'd be spotted like Spuds McKenzie
I'm high-powered put Adina Howard to sleep
Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week
Back to you Maybeline Queen let's make a team
You can have anything in this world except C.R.E.A.M
So what you wanna do, what you wanna do
Let's go ahead and walk these dogs and represent Wu


Watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is getting touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, who tears it up


Shaolin's finest, what up boo, peace your highness
Yo I'm lounging, big dick style y'all niggas is the flyest
Moves you're making too fly jewels are shaking
Not a rape patient, you're looking good fly colored Asian
Ghettoes, them is your hometown
We can go the whole round
After that, I'm shooting downtown
I'm rocking hats and your wig is all intact
Who's that queen bee chick, eyes pearly black
Freaks be moving in fly sneaks
Two-finger rings and gold teeth and ain't afraid to hold heat
So when I step in the square dear
You better have C.R.E.A.M. to share, Ricans, ven aqui yeah


Watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is getting touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, who tears it up


Black chocolate girl wonder, shake ground like Thunder
Politic to your deficit step, gimme your number
Your sexy persuasive ta-ta's and thighs
Catch my eyes like highs, I want your bodily surprise
Double down some time, Ice Cream you got me falling out like a cripple
I love you like I love my dick size
Ooh baby I miss you, your sweet tender touches
Take pulls off the Dutches
Orgasm in my mind state, masturbate in your clutches
I want you for self like wealth, so play me closely
Chicks are at each other for the sting, who want the most of me
Only a hard dozen wanna be calling me cousin
Thirsty for my catalog, baby shopping spree you're loving
Call me if you want to get dug like the pockets
I jism like a giant, break wombs out of the sockets


Wu-Tang in the cut, for real niggas what
It's the afterparty and bitches want to fuck


Watch these rap niggas get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is getting touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, who tears it up
Ice cold bitches melt down when in my clutch
And want their titties sucked, ice cream
Yeah, your guts


Yeah...  your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is getting touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, who tears it up
Ice cold bitches melt down when in the clutch
They want they titties sucked, ice cream


One love to my chocolate deluxes, keep your nails done
And your wigs tight, word up
One love to my butter-pecan Ricans for calling me Papi
That's for real
One love to caramel sundaes, with the cherries on top
Yeah and big up to my French Vanillas
Parlez vous, francais, mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons
And all that good stuff, that good stuff



Yo...
One, two
....yo!

Aye yo he said I had fly ankles
Plus my bangles was star-studded out. Ice cut it out!
Every time we attend somewhere, you act real terribly
You shit on niggas too much, you start to worry me
You switch up, last week you burned a old lady's retina
I thought them thick Coke bottle jammies might protect her
But it didn't Pah, the lady's blind and it's all your fault
It went down to jury court and you walked
On stage you fuck with nigga's faces, glaciers
Hittin' off with Cristal bottles, bing wind up in the basement
Very expensive championship
Chipped rocks stone for his wedding day, bitches give you props
Look you tied a knot, understand you hot; you got my man popped
In the most famous era, like when "Play the Fool" dropped
Waves and blue tops, raise the roof off the coupe
Them days, the black and red MJ's, I was loose!




Tommy Hill rocking ice niggas
Tommy Hill ice rocking niggas who fuck...
Mira, afrente
Take a one on one to this shit y'all
Get your nostrils clear
Come on, sniff your brains out
All my Al Capone, Al Pacino niggas
Who's down with drug smuggling
Cappadonna, Golden Arms


Check out the rap kingpin, the black Jesus
I know a few niggas sniff coke and caught seizures
Peace to half-moon Caesars, and all the bitches in the bleachers
Hot weather, sex on the beaches
Jewelry shopping out of the country, deluxe luxury
People saying that my chains look truck on me
But what about the Wonder Woman bracelet
Two-oh point three diamond cut engraved rubies kid, I laced it
My sweet tooth gotta nigga throbbing, ready for robbing
But first hit Maria's for a butter almond
The bionic microphone is Smack Mechanic
Move like a bunch of Mexicans with bandanas
Son it's on, so we can just max a million
I got the spot sewn so we can make a billion
The God's tropical, ladies call me black fruit punch
Rainbow flavor niggas murder niggas for lunch
Peace to the Paris Crew in the avenue, and my nigga Jay Love
Who carry switchblades on the reg, duke


Yo, the first branch, the third leaf, whoever want it got beef
I politic, show love, crush those who dare creep
Into my realm of sunshine I praise divine
Fine line between Donna dumb, deaf and blind
He ain't mine, he shook like the faggots in daytime
Crossed over grain while we was bubbling moonshine
Sipping on a Moet, laid up, Rae-Gambino
Mastermind the plan, Tony Starks, Cappachino
Developed while your head be swelling up off of the Nation
Blinded by the ice while I release the confrontation
Donna holy fat bags of weed, ravioli
Pasta, bodyguard the killa bee songs like Kevin Costner
Infra-red all inside your bumbo, rasta
Cappadonna pimp the derby like the mobster


Yeah, yeah
Eight spaghetti lame brain ass niggas
Quarters, nickels, and dimes bitch
Except for overtime nigga
Any ass money suit me fine
Cause I'm coming strong, breaking niggas backs
Keeping shit real
If you haven't noticed bitchy ass rusty, ass nigga
Let me tell you this one time
Tony Starks, Raekwon the chef
Cappachino and Golden Arms
Is coming through mad strong
From the isles of Shaolin
For all them faggot ass
Rusty chickenhead bitches too
Shup Shup baby?


Yo back in the days, bagging cracks, scraping plates, flipping cakes
Who them heavy head niggas hating Jakes
It be us, wall to wall soldiers, hanging in halls getting over
City niggas shoot for blood money rocking Rovers
Stay dipped, don't have no money in your pocket in the streets
Why these people mob money in they Jeep
Crack bums watch your back for jums
Cost me for a fake twenty dollar bill
Get 'em son, we ain't the one
Politicking, plus vicking, sick of these Dominicans
Eating good, had to shoot my way up out of Bennigans
That's life, to top it all off, beef with White
Pulling bleach out trying to throw it in my eyesight
Yo what the fuck is on your mind?




Yo, it's Tone Starks the don, the face of a killer
The voice of the past and presence, I speak thrillers
Rock the purple robe, crush them with 24 karat gold
The chain is chunky like the neck of a monkey
Glass slipper, my wallows is made from lion skin
King of the jungle, ain't shit about me humble
Rock a black panther hoodie, nigga, made from panther skin
I'm black on the outside and black within
The hood superhero, the motherfucking Don Dada
The Don Wilson, nigga, I do what I gotta
I'm a boss, them DeLucas trying to front on my skin tone
I left the fam to start a fam of my own
A black Italiano, big pinky rings from Sicily
I move like the don of the fam, its officially
War time Starky, on some black avengers
Shadowboxing with killers that move like ninjas


I declare war, war on the De Lucas
Bulletproof jet planes, nigga, you can't shoot us
Can't stop my reign or terrorize the power
Tony Starks, new king of this crown, y'all better cower


I'm prepared to go to war for the battle of supremacy
There's nothing now to remedy this decision
The only thing left is the loyalty of the family
Cause once we establish the power they gone turn sour
And use everything in their power to shut us down
We've come to far to turn around Tone
Got a new connect, Don Stone
Flew his private jet from Rome to talk business
He heard about your crime saga poems looking to invest millions
It's up to you Tone, this move can make us both rich
The crew is armed, cocked, and ready to rock steady
It's non-stop hustling, flow of their own casino, RZA Tarantino
It's Wu Gambino for life, you know how we go
And to the last breath blow, mi amigo




Born into a world with violence, death and destruction surrounding him at every turn. Tony Starks took control of his own destiny and aspired to become one of the foremost leaders of the criminal underworld. Regardless of his will, and the ability to run the streets with invincibility, there were still those who chose to stand in his way




He's just one man, don't make him sound like a god damn army


Yo, it's Tone Starks, the don, the face of a killer
The voice of the past and presence, I speak thrillers
Rock the purple robe, crush them with 24 karat gold
The chain is chunky like the neck of a monkey
Glass slipper, my wallows is made from lion skin
King of the jungle, ain't shit about me humble
Rock a black panther hoodie, nigga, made from panther skin
I'm black on the outside and black within
The hood superhero, the motherfucking Don Dada
The Don Wilson, nigga, I do what I gotta
I'm a boss, them DeLucas trying to front on my skin tone
I left the fam to start a fam of my own
A black Italiano, big pinky rings from Sicily
I move like the don of the fam, its officially
War time, Starky on some black avengers
Shadowboxing with killers that move like ninjas


I declare war, war on the DeLucas
Bulletproof jet planes, nigga, you can't shoot us
Can't stop my reign or terrorize the power
Tone Starks, new king of this crown, y'all better cower
War, war on the DeLucas
Bulletproof jet planes, nigga, you can't shoot us
Can't stop my reign or terrorize the power
Tone Starks, new king of this crown, y'all better cower


I'm prepared to go to war for the battle of supremacy
There's nothing now to remedy this decision
The only thing left is the loyalty of the family
Cause once we establish the power they gon' turn sour
And use everything in their power to shut us down
We've come to far to turn around, Tone
Got a new connect, Don Stone
Flew his private jet from Rome to talk business
He heard about your crime saga poems looking to invest millions
It's up to you Tone, this move can make us both rich
The crew is armed, cocked, and ready to rock steady
It's non-stop hustling, flow of their own casino, RZA Tarantino
It's Wu Gambino for life, you know how we go
And to the last breath blow, mi amigo


I declare war, war on the DeLucas
Bulletproof jet planes, nigga, you can't shoot us
Can't stop my reign or terrorize the power
Tone Starks, new king of this crown, y'all better cower
War, war on the DeLucas
Bulletproof jet planes, nigga, you can't shoot us
Can't stop my reign or terrorize the power
Tone Starks, new king of this crown, y'all better cower


Born into a world where violence, death and destruction surrounded him at every turn. Tony Starks took control of his own destiny and aspired to become one of the foremost leaders of the criminal underworld. Regardless of his will, and the ability to run the streets with invincibility, there were still those who chose to stand in his way




And they think they know you
Till one day they show you
So no matter what they say I go hard
And they think its over, but its never over
cause soon as you think Im down I go hard


Get up its that bitch card, been here before
But dont ever let them see you on the ground
Dues, what you gotta pay, and people see you gotta say
So dont ever let them see you on the ground




Yeah yall, hey yall
Dangerous thoughts mind of a militia
Bottles of the one fifty poured over twisters
Broken bones the pillars, Staten Islands the illest
The biggest land fillers we creep like caterpillars
Love razors, dirty guns with a few bodies
Teach niggas how to walk again from the fucking shotty
Sixth sense, six pack, six degrees of separation
My evil third eye blinks with no hesitation
Dust bags, spoonfuls of sugar help the medi
Go down smooth and steady blowin' the green deadly
And weed pops isolator of hash bricks
Needle left stuck in his arm, died of a bad fix
We still rock, still dry drawers on the stove
Got bread from back in the days thats growing some more
2Pacs back, my Glocks fat
After the guns smoke youre screaming where my block at?




I go hard like Listerine on bacteria
Hulk so hard he got the power to avenger her
I go hard, herbal tea, kidney cleanser
I go hard LA Dwight Howard
Lungs pounding hard too much smoke in the chimney
Fire plus iron evaporates the enemy
Jason Statham mechanic all mechanically
Right about now I can really use some Hennessy
I go hard like you never thought I could
One swing with the hammer the nails in the wood
My iron fist is so ridiculous
Forever, continuous, venomous and dangerous






Real niggas bust ya pistols in the sky
I'm a muthafuckin' G and til I die
I get that paper, and I'm chillin' on the low
All I need, is more money more


Cuz, I gotta get paid, I gotta stay paid
I gotta get paid, I gotta get this money
I gotta get paid, I gotta stay paid
I gotta get paid, I gotta get this money, man


I get that paper for shizzle, I'm breakin' bread with my niggas
I ride around with them triggas, I clap back nigga
I shoot that uzi like hoops, I ride around in them Coupe's
Got alligator on boots, my pockets fat nigga
We overseas with the Wu, we blowin' trees with our crew
All my clothes brand new, you gotta love it man
I'm on top of my game, rocks on top of my chain
Catchin' planes to Spain, nigga, you know I'm thuggin', man
We pushin' whips you can't buy, 24 hours we high
I believe I can fly, I'm fucked up, dog
I smoke that shit you can't get, we spit that shit you can't spit
Fifteen tracks, no skits, so fuck all y'all




Shorties bouncin', forty ounces, Lex gon' kill up all the bouncers
Round my shit, gon' fall up out you
Raw that nigga, bring horror up out you
Thought about you, blow that forty and call the cops too
I'ma be out by four and route you
Pussy ass nigga, bring horror up out you, valor the couch, too
I'm amazin', when they pass the gauge in
Sky blue Phantom with beige in
Stop changin' it, ride it for a month
Then come up, make my change in it
Not done, the best, to get it, Uncle, let's get it
What's really real if Lex can't get it?
Shaolin whip big techs again
Fuck around and caught me a Mexican bitch




I blow your face off, cake off, then buy an acre, stayed off
My mustache like Adolf, don't let me pull my cape off
It's Superman lover, fuck it, no other
We just a group of bad brothers, y'all pussy, now check it
Rap DeNiro, crazy Shapiro, pushin' through customs
Back from Europe, and we changin' our Euro's for money
The Wallabees gummy, with so much paper I'm dead
Call me a cheese dummy, and we dip our leaves in honey
Awwwww, you wanna see the hammer?
Awwwww, you wanna hit the canvas?
I will not waste my time on frontin' ass
Niggas, that do not excease








LL, MC, yes I (the remix, the remix)
I had to (the remix, the remix)


You are now in the summer of the GOAT
Light blue sky, oh yes I
Smoke your body until your mind feels high
Because this is such a good lullaby
If I keep it 100, then your girlfriend's a dime
Do the math, I'm with you because you're ten times as fly
Put your Ls in the air, baby girl lets ride
I'm too live, me love you long time
You're the purpose of the day, girl you always shine
A love like ours is the greatest of all time
If E=MC2, that's fine
It don't take an Einstein to see it's our time


You are not even got to worry
About a thing, I got you babe
And am nobody taking me away
It's not a game, I'm here to stay
Our love is stronger than any drug
Addictive, just can't get enough
And every time I'm with you I want some more
Just close the door, and let's explore each other


Long as I know you got me (I'll be)
I'll be loving you long time (as I can be)
I'll be loving you long time (eternally)
There's no stopping you and me
I'll be loving you long time (as I can breathe)
I'll be loving you long time (eternally)


Don't care what no one has to say
They don't understand us like we do
I need you near me night and day
Together there is nothing we can't do
Scoop me up and we can go
To that little spot where no one knows
Spend a little time, just us alone
Caress my body, never let go




You act funny when you and your friend walk around, bloated
Hit you with a pillow while you're doing aerobics
Snatch you up grab you, kiss you, from behind
Whisper in your ear "you are not going nowhere, you mine"
Now what? You know what it is, I love you sugar
Grab my face, tell me don't move, and pick my boogers
Those are the things that I love about you
Besides I can't even picture in this world, doing life without you
My motivation, medication, healer
Situations, you know how to ease my frustrations
Besides the ox tails, I love you long time
I'll double that if you don't feed my babies the swine
And you still feel good if you done in no time
And I am to go down at the drop of a dime
And I'm daddy (censored) when it come to the
Yeah, it's all love in this atmosphere








I could be your friend, I could be your tease
I can be a freak, I can be a P.Y.T
If you ask, I'll be that
I could be your girl, I could be your wife
I complete your side, I could be watching me
If you ask, I'll be that
I'll be your homey, lover, friend, I'll be your everything
If you ask, I'll be that
Say you want me, I'll come running
I can be your baby, just you ask, I'll be that


My girl, my love, come through, rescue me
Throw me on the bed, no clothes, wrestle me
After smashing that, then will you cook for me
Promise I won't hit you, you don't have to be shook of me
Washing my boxers, shirts folded nice and creased
Plus when we argue, she will never pull a beast
Clap for my baby, award winning, best nookie
I been in the whole wide world, that's why I stay spending




I want you in a scarf, boy shorts around the house
Wife beater, undercover, sitting on the couch
Isley's is playing, lights dim, vanilla candles is melting
It's a long time, don't let no one else in
Fresh out the tub, sweetness and peaches
Body work splash around your neck, the kid admire all your features
Niggas be hollering; peace ma, what up boo?
You suck your teeth and keep it moving with the screw, yes




Happy birthday, red roses, big cakes
Donna Karen slippers, got your birthday gift by the lake
Big boats, thick ropes, ostrich purses
Snakeskin boots, Jared Jewelers, the mink cost mad loot
Ski trips, resorts, close your eyes, baby, make a wish
Blow your cake out, earrings is snowflaked out
Will you marry me? Will you carry me?
Through rain, hail, sleet and snow
Don't say no, you'll embarass me




I'll be that...
Baby...
Yeah, yeah, yeah...
I'll be that, I'll be that...



 + (sample)
(What did I do? Was the thing so bad?) It's like...
Yo, there ain't too many people I would die for
That I would lay down for, you heard...
It's like my family, my closest friends that's here in my circle
YouknowImean? My moms and 'em, my babies, man
That's word to mother, son, that's what it is...
(I'll die for you, I'll die for you) Uh-huh...
That's right, man (I'll die for you) Just some real shit...


Aiyo, I'll die for the prophets and I'll die for the Lord
On the battlefield, wounded badly, holding a sword
With no questions asked, I already know, it's all for the cause
Just laying me facing the East, when I'm under the floor
I might've sinned in the process, from being, in the projects
Eyes swept from all the anger, that could've fucked with my conscience
And more or less, I'm a man of my word
My body is holding a couple scars on it, though I was never a bird

 + (sample)
For Martin Luther and my brother Malcolm (I'll die for you)
And my ancestors picking cotton (I'll die for you)
My close homies that get it popping (I'll die for you)
You what time it is, nigga what?


Aiyo, I'd die for my moms, and I'd die for my kids
If you, really my Queen, then I'd die for my wis
Even my mans, if we that tight
Jump in front of a biscuit, snuff money with all of my mics
Or we can brawl it out and take his life
By taking his gun, no problem
Just make sure we eating when we on the run
Like slaves that's chained together, who killed master?
The dogs is coming, the pigs is gon' blast ya
I'd die for you, I'd die for my brother
Die for the babies who can't eat with bare feet who need they mother
I put niggas lights out like Con Ed, my verbal is bond
My bread'll blow you, show you who's real with the arms

 + (sample)
Dog, you want revenge on that devil Satan? (I'll die for you)
We could do it now instead of waiting (I'll die for you)
We don't have to wait for revelations (I'll die for you)
We'll sort this out in other conversations


Yo, I'd never jump out the window, lose my life for a lame ass nigga
That scene is bogus, it's not in the picture
You just can't feed me anything like "Yo, Tone it's beef"
Expect me to go all out, jump in and bust my heat
First off, bruh, you not my peeps
Yeah, I know we from the same town and shit, but we ain't that deep
We never stuck nothing, oxed something, ran together, popped something
I thought ya team was wolves, cocksucker, stop fronting
You barking like you got the town in a smash
I'd never lay down for you, faggot nigga, you ass

 + (sample)
Wop them niggas that be yelling that (I'll die for you)
When they broke you be heating that (I'll die for you)
Just stick 'em for they packs, they be crying (I'll die for you)
And just bitch mothafuckas burn...




Yo, Ghost (What up E?) It's Staten Island


We love those hoes, in they white t's and their Nikes, never wifey
Love those hoes, at the Showtime, mic'll co-sign, dealt with those, mine
Love those hoes with the big butts, Betty Boop cuts, shake it like what
Love those hoes nigga please we, love those hoes


God I thank you for this wonderful night
Wishin' I can see you one more time
But I don't think it will happen, so I thank you
If you want to still fool around
You can come to the next town far
Until then, I gotta go, so I thank you


I love them hoes, love them hoes
Love them hoes


From 718's, 310's, Pretty Tone' yo, I love them hoes
All in they pantyhose, down to they pinky toes
Cinnamon hips, strawberry lips, skin tone like a Hershey Kiss
Me slow, eskimo chilly bitch, thick like a healthy bone
Strip really quick, out of those clothes
Slip into a fancy robe
Tanqueray, lemon twin, lingerie
Know how to romance these hoes
Pretty Tone, take 'em on
Bake a bone and make her moan
Gimme dome, gimme loans, and they miss me when I'm gone


Look, as there even though we just met
No need to get upset
But I got a show, gotta go, so, I thank you
And if you wanna still get sexed down
You can catch the next Greyhound
But, until then, I gotta go, so I thank you




Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah
Damn, I ain't lyin, these hoes are providin'
When my dick hits your pussy, there's no denyin'
Kissing my body, make me cum like shotties
Love them trees, but I got a new favorite hobby
There ain't no stopping, from hoes gon' Ho Woppin'
When I come to town, you know what the fuck's poppin'




I can't seek anyone but you (To the ones that be in the mall
In them ill strip joints, to them, bow legged ones
Them pigeon choke ones, the ones that suck they thumb all day and
The ones that ain't afraid to pop off, you know how we do
Them big country ones, those really bout it vibe son)
{Damn, you know that I love them hoes} - to end








Ayo light it up nigga, where that liquor at?


They said you should be thankful for what you got
I said, you should be thankful for what I'm not
If this was 'Back Then Sheek' , niggas is getting shot (D-Block!)
Running through these streets like I'm homeless
Single parent, my momma couldn't condone this(I love you ma)
I was broke, but I felt like I should own this
Young nigga, thoughts of getting paid
I was around bad bitches, thoughts of getting laid (Yeah!)
Still indictments king, houses getting raid
Niggas straight snitching, the coke was getting weighed.(Woo!)
Looking at the Aston, my little niggas was blasting(Yeah!)
Imagine not eating for a full month, like we fasting(Hah)
But Allahu Akbar from a cop car
Hoping they won't  shoot a popular rap star
Shooting, but love the scuffle
Money in a Louis duffle
Range Rover, what a couple
Hating, you don't like me? Fuck you
Love when I be acting up
Hammer out back them up
Bring his chain on the block, my niggas be cracking up.(Let me see that shit)
Yeah I'm on my bullshit, .38 revolver hoe
Smoke weed,  drink, pop percs, like they're Tylenol.(So what)
Getting money since a kid, before I signed a record deal
Puff seen it in my eyes, LOX niggas real, for real
Battled everybody, stand outside with the shotty in the bushes
Knew the dope fiends and the addicts and the pushers
Ten years in the game, ten years with the same
D-Block, LOX, a household name


I ain't had a pot to piss in
But a lil' nigga listen, so I figured I be getting some dough(Yeah!)
Grew up on the block, cocaine rock, dope and weed spots
Them shooting niggas letting it go (D-Block!)
But I love it, I always say that I'll rise up above it
But the streets keep pulling me in (Yeah!)
You can't be mad at me for trying to win.(Niggas gonna go in)
How the fuck did I love this?


Running all these red lights
Auntie in the crib, half asleep, with a hundred brick stacked under her right
Never been the same, since he held his first pack
Put it in a little nigga hands, show them how to work that
Eating shrimp scampi with scallions and medallions on
Cubans on the dinner plates, sculpture with them lions on them
Bracelets, all my shooters in Asics
Blunt rats, so hammers in their holsters, wasted
Political killers, with digital pillars till my bro's butt naked in the box, don't daylight feel us?
Made the board as soon as he put down appealing
Got that nine record longer than a mess hall ceiling
Outdoors, still squirting in the mouth of whores
BMF credit dirty, lawyers still vouching for us
Safe deposit boxes, sharp oxes
Murder you, have your dick hanging out your boxers


I ain't had a pot to piss in
But a lil' nigga listen, so I figured I be getting some dough(Yeah!)
Grew up on the block, cocaine rock, dope and weed spots
Them shooting niggas letting it go (D-Block!)
But I love it, I always say that I'll rise up above it
But the streets keep pulling me in (Yeah!)
You can't be mad at me for trying to win
How the fuck did I love this?

Yeah! D-Block! Woo!



 Yo, check check it
 You can never defeat
 Yo, check the method of this shit right here one time
 The Gods
 Sparking your braincells to the upmost
 Impossible
 Unlimited epidemics being spreaded
 You can never defeat
 You know, we try and add on for y'all niggas
 The Gods
 Yo, yo


Fusion of the five elements, to search for the higher intelligence
Women walk around celibate, living irrelevant
The most benevolent king, communication through your dreams
Mental pictures been painted, Allah's heard and seen
Everywhere, throughout your surrounding atmosphere
Troposphere, thermosphere, stratosphere
Can you imagine from one single idea, everything appeared here
Understanding makes my truth, crystal clear
Innocent black immigrants locked in housing tenements
Eighty-Five percent tenants depended welfare recipients
Stapleton's been stamped as a concentration camp
At night I walk through, third eye as bright as a street lamp
Electric microbes, robotic probes
Taking telescope pictures of globe, babies getting pierced with microchips
Stuffed inside their earlobes, then examinated
Blood contaminated, vaccinated, lives fabricated
Exaggerated authorization, Food and Drug Administration
Testing poison in prison population
My occupation to stop the inauguration of Satan
Some claim that it was Reagan, so I come to slay men
Like Bartholomew, cause every particle is physical article
Was diabolical to the last visible molecule
A spaceknight like Rom, consume planets like Unicron
Blasting photon bombs from the arm like Galvatron


United Nations, gun bias style patient
Formulating rap plural acapella occupation
Conquer land like Napoleon, military bomb fest
We want sanitary food, planetary conquest
Thug peoples on some hardco' body shit
Get your shit together 'fore the fuck Illuminati hit
Dreams is free and escape is sleep
For a fool peep jewels, keep tools for tough time
The rule of rough mind, elevate, stay behind
The sun gotta shine, keep on, cremate
The whole Babylon, times up, move on
Kings on your pawn, checkmate, no fakes
Supposed through the gate, case closed
Things get froze, when it comes time, chosen ones
Will holding guns, we take flight with no fright
And attack, never fear cause our words is clear
What's been done can't be undone Son, we can't care
Cause the last days and times are surely here
Snakes and flakes get blown, by the righteous ones
Divine minds bind, we unified as one
Half of black folk, we half broke, smoke a bowl of weed shit
Our everlasting essence stay flying over Egypt


For you to defeat, the Gods
Impossible, you can never... defeat
The

Gods
Impossible
For you to defeat, the Gods


Call an ambulance, Jamie been shot, word to Kimmy
Don't go son, nigga you my motherfucking heart
Stay still son, don't move, just think about Keeba
She'll be three in January, your young God needs ya
The ambulance is taking too long
Everybody get the fuck back, excuse me bitch, gimme your jack
One, seven one eight, nine one one, low battery, damn
Blood comin out his mouth, he bleedin badly
Nahhh Jamie, don't start that shit
Keep your head up, if you escape hell we gettin fucked up
When we was eight, we went to Bat Day to see the Yanks
In Sixty-Nine, his father and mines, they robbed banks
He pointed to the charm on his neck
With his last bit of energy left, told me rock it with respect
I opened it, seen the God holdin his kids
Photogenic, tears just burst out my wig
Plus he dropped one, oh shit, here come his Old Earth
With no shoes on, screamin holdin her breasts with a gown on
She fell and then lightly touched his jaw, kissed him
Rubbed his hair, turned around the ambulance was there
Plus the blue coats, Officer Lough, took it as a joke
Weeks ago he strip-searched the God and gave him back his coke
Bitches yellin, Beenie Man swung on Helen
In the back of a cop car, Dirty Tasha are tellin
But suddenly a chill came through it was weird
Felt like my man, was cast out my heaven now we share
Laid on the stretcher, blood on his Wally's like ketchup
Deep like the full assassination with a sketch of it
It can't be, from Yoo-hoo to Lee's
Second grade humped the teachers, about to leave
Finally this closed chapter, comes to an end
He was announced, pronounced dead, y'all, at twelve ten


Now what my man is trying to tell y'all
Is that across the whole globe
The murder rates is increasin, and we decreasing
So at the same time, when you play with guns
When you play with guns Son
That causes the conflict of you going against your own
You hear me, so let's pay attention
Straight up and down, cause this is only a story
From the real



Yo.. one-two..
Yo; aiyyo he said I had fly ankles
Plus my bangles was star-studded out, Ice cut it out!
Everytime we attend somewhere, you act real terribly
You shit on niggas too much you start to worry me
You switch up, last week you burned a old lady's retina
I thought them thick Coke bottle jammies might protect her
But it didn't Pah, the lady's blind and it's all your fault
It went down to jury court and you walked
On stage you fuck with nigga's faces, glaciers
Hittin off with Cristal bottles, bing wind up in the basement
Very expensive championship
Chip Rocks known for his wedding day, bitches give you props
Look you tied a knot, understand you hot; you got my man popped
In the most famous era, like when "Play the Fool" dropped
Waves and blue tops, raise the roof off the group
Them days, the black and red MJ's, I was loose!






One, two
Yeah, niggas don't know about Fatback
With the different color records they had back in the days
You know what I mean, the belt-driven turntables, the Technic joints
(With the slipmats)
Put nickels on the needles so the motherfucking record won't jump
The needle won't skip and shit
Getting juice from the fucking light poles
Shout out to the Bronx, nigga!


Ay yo, this shit go way back like a Uni marker, kid
Bombing the D train and hit the Bronx up
Krylon bandits attack, Planet Rock, Bambaataa
Peace to Pelan discovering rap
And the DJ that made the first scratch
Paved the way for Flex, Mister Cee, 'nuff of them cats
See, this rap shit came at a time that was accurate
Twenty-something years later, I mastered it
Seen light poles get used for power
I was a little nigga
Couldn't stay out late, I was sour
So I sat by the window, heard the DJ cut
"Impeach the Pres", "Apache", and "Just Begun"
Otis Redding, "Tramp"
The music stopped, guess the system blew out one of his amps
It'd take a little while, then it come back on
Somebody stepped on the wire and shit, that's all
Now everybody's back in the groove, echo chamber
"Check one two, one two", that's my favorite
Strobe lights is live, Pink Champale
Little pink joints being lit up on the side
Couple niggas had two fives
Other than that, cleared a circle in the park and shoot five
Girls wore they Lees and jellies
Jordache and Lees, Tale Lords fit the fellys
Samster Barons and Kangol buckets, BVD's
Go with the Sergio's like, fuck it
Seen the stamp on that Crazy Eddie
Niggas coming back from the Funhouse dusted
Throwing bubbles on the wall


We must remind you
Where this rap come from
Yes my brother, my sister
It's our duty, we must remind you
Hip hop was set out in the park
We used to do it out in the dark


Yo, it all started at the After Midnight, Philly, but walk with me
Mad niggas coming down from New York City
Prolly hit the skating rink USA
Banging Schoolly, "Gangster Boogie" and "PSK"
I remember shells, Gazelles, top tens, and lottos
Mega design, reefer smoke, Coqui nine bottles

84's from Atlantic City Gucci store
Linoleum break dancing, Rust-Oleum cans
I put the writing on the wall signed, "Truly yours"
Philly smashed '87 Music Seminar
Out on the battlefield like Pat Benatar
Kick the ball with Krown Rulers out of Camden
People Patty Duke-ing in the party, all cramped in
Around the time Flav started cold lamping
"Rebel Without a Pause" was the street anthem
Old Memorex cassette, tape collections
Bright spotlights on all the fights at the Spectrum
When the Fresh Fest come, leather bombers and sheepskins
Brothers would bust they guns to get one
MC Breeze, Disco C, Jazzy Jeff
Cash Money and Miz and Lady B
Everybody banging "Sucker MC's" in '83
I was South Philly like St. Charles and Crazy D
Them wild North Side Puerto Ricans would snuff you
Twenty deep in a Ford Escort, pumping the Tuff Crew
I used to follow my cousin, he was a buck too
"Y'all don't like how I'm living, well, fuck you!"
I been a G since a little kid
Sticking my head up into somebody's dollar party, getting into shit
And late nights, shoulda been in bed
Instead, I was running round with them downtown lemonheads
A little man, hanging where them grown women is
Under thirteen, seeing real strong images
And that's the reason for my real rap penmanship
That's where I started it, and that's where I'mma finish it





"Let's dance!"


Walked up Dr. Jay's, five niggas with K's
Son, they feelin' ya waves, it's like mayonaisse
Old people love you, corns on they feet
Fifteen, twenty deep, you walked in, cross streets
Walk 'em through red lights, Shaolin through Crown Heights
Even had 'em on bikes, they was starting fights
New Year's had 'em all drunk, lazy eye Milton
Found a pump, tired of busting 'em
Scotty snatched Janet's wig off, that night, shit got hectic
Barbara Jean fuckin' old man Shet
Good God, shit's real as a fuck, throw a buck
On Chuckle-Up, Thunderbird in cuffs
Skeeter with no teeth, night train lips
Beefin' with police, Grady hit knees
Dude blew a bag with him, he got butt naked in the 'villes
Plus he fucked a whitey in the hill
Throw a buck on, Chuckle-Up, Thunderbird in cuffs




I think it happened on a Saturday
I heard the phone ring
Vling, vling, vling, vling, vling
Who this? Ron?
Yo, Wise got killed last night by the tracks
It was the same Ohio niggas teamed up
Sent 'em back, we shoulda drilled a long time ago
We went disaccordin, now we owe
The devil slid through, without an intro
Yo Ron, it can't be!
Wise guest-starring me!!
Can it be, we both got hit
God legendary!
He a General, he survived Adolf
Hard to even picture god eaten by gray dogs
He stated his word
And he solemnly sweared to tell the truth
That his bond was like pure addict, pure roof
Wise God Allah, warrior
XY chromosome, sat heavy on the throne
Touched something for ya
Ya Steubenville niggas fucked up
Because bitches is talking
They live at, I'm twisting your alley back
You killed my man
You killed my man and you sent him back
After this day, watch your head
Slugs flying everywhere
You smell havoc in the air
You can never get the god emphatically
Now Cipher
You've been vibin' off the same battery
We had, back in '91 that got you hyper
God been beautiful, god been great
God fed you, you'd die if he survived that take
You killed your king
Rakeem Allah gave him his light
He was your offspring
Camouflaged all day with green
One righteous man fought for his right, gods pupil
Yo, that's my fam, he snatch me out of big head van
We taught you how to get game, from sayin' "peace god"
Islamic translates Allah's tounge, spit the language art
Alex Haley thoughts, identical twin
My A-Alike gasmate, the hay grows
The days close, hide your lobe!


Once the sun comes out and the rain is gone..
I know I'm gonna see, a better day
I know I think I'm crying, becouse of you
I'm crying, don't want you to see me cry
Love you Wise, love you Wise, love you Wise!

***Chorus (x3)***
I wanna go outside, in the rain...
It may sound crazy, it may sound crazy
But I wanna go outside, in the rain...




The sun don't shine it's hard here
The streets don't look the same but it's hard here


Hey , Yo Ghost, Hey Tony Starks! (Hey Tony.) Hey Tony Starks! Hey Ghostface!

GHOSTFACE: Yo, yo, yo

PERSON 1: Excuse me, yeah, Tony Starks, how long did it take you to complete this album? That's what we wanna know. That's what- that's what the people really wanna know

GHOSTFACE: It's none of your fucking business, man, you heard? Let's move on with the next fucking question

2: Yo Ghost! Ghost! Yeah this is Z-Dog. Listen the cameras, listen the reporters, forget all that. (Uh-huh) What I'm trying to see is how are you gonna do it for the people on the streets?

GHOSTFACE: I'ma do it how I been doing it. You know what I mean ain't nothing but a different label pa, you need to stay in school man, straight up, get that education

3: Yo Ghost, Ghost! This is Nina Chantel reppin the MIA. I wanna know how's the game changed since you revealed your face man?

GHOSTFACE: The game got real, you know what I'm saying? But I'm back now, I'll crush all that bullshit. Next question

4: What do you think about those fake-ass gangsters out there son?

GHOSTFACE: Niggas is pussies man. Them niggas know my style, they can't fuck with me man. You know what I mean? It's Tone right here nigga. Word up

5: Hey Ghostface! We wanna know why don't you roll with big bodyguards? You know, like the other guys do?

GHOSTFACE: Cause I don't need them motherfuckers. God is my bodyguard, nigga. You know what time it is man, it's real

6: Hey yo Ghostface, look it here. I had a fight over my wallies (What up pop?), you know the blue and green ones? I mean . You think you can spare a brother a pair?

GHOSTFACE: Yeah you know what you do? Just meet me outside, meet me near the door when I leave out of here, I got you baby

7: Yo Ghost Ghost, one more question man. Me and the fans wanna know, what's up with you and Wu-Tang? Man what's really good?

GHOSTFACE: Ain't nothing bro, we just in the grind right now, everybody getting their shit together, doing they solo projects, we gonna come back to smash the world

8: Yo Ghost man I got a new in-surance company with that  AFLAC!!! with the fucking duck

GHOSTFACE: I hear ya bro, stop eating that pork

9: Fuck you Toney you brought my brother Expo. Punk bitch.  I dare you to do it again!

GHOSTFACE: Somebody get'er out of here. (Bitch let me go!) Somebody get her outta here

10: Nappy-haired weed bitch getcho ass up out of here!




Tony Stark makes you feel
Hes a cool exec with a heart of steel
As Iron Man, all jets ablaze
Hes fighting and smiting with repulsor rays!
Amazing armor! Thats Iron Man!
A blazing power! Thats Iron Man!


Iron Man, the iron clad superhero of the free world may be doomed to die. Yes, the life of America's most dramatic Avenger may well hinge upon a delicate sub-miniature component, containing the strange secret which keeps his injured heart beating and enables him to live as Tony Stark: one of the nation's leading scientists, head of Tony Stark industries and as Iron Man




Here we go, come on


"A battle-A battle was fought, in Brooklyn..."
"Hessian Soldiers killed 3,000 men; much of the fighting took place in what is now Prospect Park in Green-Wood Cemetery as well as the Park Slope and Gowanus neighborhoods."
"This was the first battle of America."


Rugged rhymsters, crooked crimesters
Dime droppers, Twenty-five-to-lifers
Backstabbers, low blowers
Illegal... cocaine growers
Starvation, profanity
Anxiety, brothers trying me
Gun slingers, dead ringers


Yo, my slang's out of this world
Mix collaboration man, little man and his girl
Way of life got me thinking, plus I'm analyzing young
Youths on roofs, you know, three time felony brutes
Roll together, tropical trees puff, whatever
Yo we could go run up on, kids for leathers
What drug? Faculties bubble keys for G's
Cream flow like seven seas, hit chicks Guyanese
Word up, hold your head before you fall out
The morgue route, the devil want that
Let's get my niggas locked all out
Change for better, that be my only vendetta
With life, feed your seed right, he's breathing indeed right
Chef, remarkable, sparkable, raps and tackable gats
Never get jacked, see ya then move black
Paradise trife, plush with much ice
Getting nice, laying back, sleep all my life; word up!


"The battle of Brooklyn depicted was the bloodiest
Clash of the American revolution. Soldiers killed
3,000 men, much of the fighting took place in what is now..."


Crack patients, dime smokers
Vial carriers, mocha tokers
Burnt buildings, brothers building
Save the children, investigative reports!


Calling all cars, calling all cars! Ghetto
Psychos, armed and dangerous, leaving mad scars
On those who are found bound, gagged and shot
When they blast the spot, victims took off like astronauts
Get with this, even your best can't
Come on down, you're the next contestant!
Get your pockets dug from all your Chemical Bank ends
Caught him at the red light  on Putnam Avenue and Franklin
They used to heat up the cipher with a shot that was hyper
Than your average JFK sniper
He just came home from Spofford
Rolling like Kaufman, and laid that ass out like carpet
Stop the stuttering boy, save complaints for the five-oh
Then praise the God  chk-a-chk POW!
They release shots and premeditate to grab
And then they jet back to the lab
And then remain in Shaolin, an endangered island
Where shorties lose blood by the gallons


"Have integrated a number of corrupt cops, judges
...into high-level positions, to insure the continued
Success of the drug smuggling and money laundering operations"


Crack patients, dime smokers
Vial carriers, mocha tokers
Burnt buildings, brothers building
Save the children, investigative reports!


Yo, I grab the pen for revenge and let loose, see
Like Muslims, standing on the block, rocking a kufi
The hundred-dollar kick rocking kid's back for more
Starting gun wars, with black Reeboks and Velours
Jungle way of life, living villain
Packed with visions, copywritten
Throwing bread to pigeons, Christ has risen
King Elegant, slang master, jack expensive noodle hats
In sixty-nine, old timers time that brothers shot craps
The baggy blue Guess jeans, pull strings off in Palm Springs
I'm locked in the bing, Rocky ring labelled rap king
The corner emperor  the golden thieves play the benches
Rednecks be hanging big niggas down in Memphis
Back in Now-Y, hit the bull's eye with loaded nines
Life is like Tarzan, swinging from a thin vine
Shatter dreams, then mirrors don't need a press spirals
Aim at the white shadows with big barrels
Of Moet-ers, the bald headers, milk and Armarettas
Who fear none, crushing all personal vendettas, yo
They use guns while we angrily shot arrows
You better keep your eye on the sparrow


Rugged rhymsters, crooked crimesters
Dime droppers, Twenty-five-to-lifers
Backstabbers, low blowers
Illegal... cocaine growers
Starvation, profanity
Anxiety, brothers trying me
Gun slingers, dead ringers


"Have integrated a number of corrupt cops, judges and lawyers
Into high-level positions  to insure the continued success
Of the drug smuggling and money laundering operations"




"What you doin' on our turf punk?

Give it...

Give it!

Motherf-cker, I said give me the message!

Nigga, you been busted?

Well I ain't got no f-ckin time to play with you. Now give me the message...

No, that's out man. You know, what could we The Lords do with a punk like you?

Burn him!



Yo, Gambino niggas who swipe theirs
Deluxe rap cavaliers
Midgets who steal beers, give 'em theirs
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gaming like Three-card Molly and
Drug Somalians pollying
Mittens raps they crocheting
A-yo Iron, these niggas portraying
But haven't been paying
For real, slide on these niggas like a fresh pair
Caesar fade style, usually tuck grenade
Throw a blade, fuck getting laid
Guzzle this shit like Gatorade
Day to day Wallies half leather, half-suede
Connecting with the high stylist, dun
Light up a chalice
I run with nothing but the wildest, foulest
Come on now, long-dick style
Niggas on the hit out, ay yo Iron bite my shit out
Eventually, bust a rap gun mentally
Been doing this a century kid, just meant to be
Get on your knees and bless me with a gem in the Caribbean
Skiin' off white (?)
Snatch Canadian cream with Scandinavians
Palladium style, play it like thirty-two Arabians
The greatest lesson is don't owe, you might get stole on
When I go bury me with velour on

[They come to me, and understand, just let me get mines first. Then after I
Get mines, y'all can do what y'all wanna do. Fuck 'em up bad]


'Sho 'nuff, hit the Bank and thrust
Wu Nauticas Jamie Sommer got trained on the tour bus
We upgrade, swallow raw eggs, read the label
Hitting white-label, left the Winnebago unstable
Smooth sailing, walked in, my Earth start kneeling
Started stealing, I'm too ill, see we're grilling at the parlay
Kicked up, mack, max motion
Michael Bolton magazine quote, I'm too potent
Louisville mix pain kill rap
Fuck benadryl the violin in 'Knowledge God' sounded ill
Tremendously obnoxious, no blotches
My telephone watch'll leave bartenders topless
Dead arm the prosecutor, smack the juror
Me and my girl'll run like Luke and Laura
We sit back on Malayan islands
Sipping mixed drinks out of broke coconut bowls, we wilding


Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back


Deep meditation sound orientated, war the blizzard
Rap paramedical the wizard
Cappadonna, never catering to none
My microphone and three verse weigh a ton of slaughter
You order five thousand back across the water
My laboratory story keep me flowing with the glory
Acapella or deep dirty instrumental
I could blow the sky like the stormy wind blew
One gallon of wilding, Park Hill profiling
I cut your face a Buck 50 sure why you smiling?
For violating my position
I leave you smoked like a crackhead on a mission
Two tokes of mic dope, one stroke of elegance
Rated like the movie graphic told intelligence
Person to person, it'd be hard for you to take a trophy
You better off to get somebody out to try to smoke me
Cause I'm PLO TKO every day
Dancehall General, Party Fanatic Colonel
Cappadonna son'a old school Disco Inferno
Veteran for rapping with the new set of Wu the hard rapping
Ninety-six jive, I keep the live crowd clapping
When I bow, all praises due to Staten Isle
I spark the mic and Shaolin spark the methtical
Every evening, I have a by myself meeting
Thinking who's gonna be the next to catch a beating
From my mental slanging, bitching rap twist the point of warfare
I brutalize, all competition catch hell here
Chance him, that's what they said, threw up a ransom
I jacked it, stripped the beat naked and packed it
Gimme my rewards


[The way I, the way I wanna get 'em. I want 'em gotten. I want 'em layin'
Out. I want 'em gotten. Cause niggas need to be got. He need to be
Taken off of here. That's right.]



Wu tang clan
Wu tang clan and iron man
Lead us to the promised land
And we will build up on this land
Until we free all black man
Iron man
Lead us to the promised land
Teach us how to make our plan
Through love and economic plan
Living out allah god plan
Wu tang clan (wu tang clan)
Wu tang clan and iron man (wu tang clan and iron man)

(wu tang clan and iron man they were wise, they will lead us, they will lead to the promised land and we will fight, and we will build, we will build upon this land, and we will free the black man, and free the world over the family, and we will build, and we will teach of the word of allah, and allah is ONE, allah is one, and we will teach and prove allah is one and his word shall spread throughout the universe, and he shall strike down with a mighty force and dispose these devils to the pits of hell.)
Lead us to the promised land
And we will build up on this land
Until we free all black man
Iron man
Lead us to the promised land
Teach us how to make our plan
Through love and economic plan
Living out allah's god plan

Congratulations ironman, the entire free world is proud of you
You'll be happy to know there is hope
Ironman has won his battle




Wu Tang Clan
Wu Tang Clan and Iron Man
Lead us to the promised land
And we will build upon this land
Until we free all black man
Iron man
Lead us to the promised land
Teach us how to raise our fam
Through love and economic plan
Living out Allah God plan


Wu Tang Clan and Iron Man they were wise, they will lead us, they will lead to the promised land and we will fight, and we will build, we will build upon this land, and we will free the black man, and free the world over the family, and we will build, and we will teach of the word of Allah, and Allah is ONE, Allah is one, and we will teach and prove Allah is one and his word shall spread throughout the universe, and he shall strike down with a mighty force and dispose these devils to the pits of hell


Congratulations ironman, the entire free world is proud of you
You'll be happy to know there is hope
Iron Man has won his battle




To the left
To the left
To the left
To the left
To the left
To the left
Everything you own in the box to the left
In the closet that's my stuff yes
If I bought it nigga please don't touch
And keep talking that mess, that's fine
But could you walk and talk at the same time
And it's my name that is on that Jag
So remove your bags let me call you a cab


Standing in the front yard telling me
How I'm such a fool, talking bout
How I'll never ever find a man like you
You got me twisted


You must not know bout me
You must not know bout me
I could have another you in a minute
Matter fact he'll be here in a minute baby
You must not know bout me
You must not know bout me
I can have another you by tomorrow
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking you're irreplaceable


So go ahead and get gone
And call up on that chick and see if she is home
Oops, I bet ya thought that I didn't know
What did you think I was putting you out for?
Cause you was untrue
Rolling her around in the car that I bought you
Baby you dropped them keys hurry up before your taxi leaves
Standing in the front yard telling me
How I am such a fool, talking about
How I'll never ever find a man like you
You got me twisted




Ayo love you need to calm down over something small
Word, you had to flip, that girl ain't mine
She a custie, word life, she love my (cencored)
I know Kianna told words, she saw us both in the whip
Not mine in the business, ugly self with a flat (cencored)
I know that's your friend, but you first need a man
And regardless to what I do
I'mma stay on my grind, bust my heat and make sure there's food
When we can't stand the rain in the rolex now
And we feeling like a shell jammed up in a barrel
All we gotta do is talk this out
Now you tell me who that man that got (cencored) who set foot in this house
Girl you must not know bout me
That shiny thang in the room gon pluck a tree
And don't make this the reason I ain't touch you in eight days
I thought you was on your friend, thanks, he was leaving you mad late
You pulling out your hair, you scratch my face
Rip my rhyme book,s wilding, and you trashed the place
This is unjustifiable
I'mma do these dishes and wash my (cencored) cus I ain't gotta lie to you


So since I'm not your everything
How about I'll be nothing
Nothing at all to you
Baby I won't shed a tear for you
I won't lose a wink of sleep
Cause the truth of the matter is
Replacing you is so easy



Oh yeah, Ive got trouble with my friends
Trouble in my life
Problems when you dont come home at night
But when yo do you always start a fight

But I cant be alone, I need you to come on home
I know youre messing around
But who the hell is, is gonna hold me down

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other side still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

Should I grab his cell, call this chick up
Start some shh then hang up
Or I should I be a lady
Ooh, maybe cause I wanna have hs babies

Oh yeah, yeah, cause I dont wanna be alone
I dont need to be on my own
But I love this man
But some thins I just cant stand

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other half still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

Should I pay you back
To see how you react
To see if you react to my love, my love

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other side still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh



Oh yeah, Ive got trouble with my friends
Trouble in my life
Problems when you dont come home at night
But when yo do you always start a fight

But I cant be alone, I need you to come on home
I know youre messing around
But who the hell is, is gonna hold me down

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other side still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

Should I grab his cell, call this chick up
Start some shh then hang up
Or I should I be a lady
Ooh, maybe cause I wanna have hs babies

Oh yeah, yeah, cause I dont wanna be alone
I dont need to be on my own
But I love this man
But some thins I just cant stand

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other half still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

Should I pay you back
To see how you react
To see if you react to my love, my love

I gotta be out my mind
To think its gonna work this time
A part of me wants to leave
But the other side still believes

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh

And it kills me to know
How much I really love you
So much I wanna ooh, ooh, ooh
To you, ooh, ooh






It's royalty
It's royalty


Hey world, this is lollipop
Raps for the sweet tooth
The real fiends who want that GhostFace and Sheek Louch
Big chain changlin' charms, they be danglin'
Eighty thou worth of the ice, I'll strangle 'em
My raw fish scale, paid the jeweler named Ishmael
Had to eagle fly back to my wrist
Bigger chips, bigger wings, bigger rings
I'm with the Childish Gambino
On that Eastwood shit, pushin' a Gran Turino
Tarantino don't got reservoir dogs like mine
Thirty six different niggas with the same state of mind
Dirty Ghetto Kids lovin' them haters
We got skaters that'll ox your whole face off
Rob you like Madoff
Drug kingpins on the diet, we get that weight off
Real hood niggas snatch a bitch and clean your plate off
Gambino rap, cash money crack, table casino
Precision cut emeralds, sapphire visuals




Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
It's five o'clock in the morning and I'm just getting in
I knock on the door and a voice sweet and low says
(Who is it) She opens up the door and lets me in (let me in)
Never once did she say where have you been?
She said, (are you hungry), are you hungry honey, (did you eat)
Yeahhh, let me hang up your coat
The woman says, pass me your hat
And all the while she's smiling
Never raises her voice
It's five o'clock in the morning and I don't give it a second thought
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
Don't think you can keep breaking your woman's heart
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
And you should sit back and enjoy it
(Its a Thin Line), Yes it is, yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)
She gonna fool you one day
The sweetest woman in the world, can be the meanest woman in the world
(If you like her that way)
You keep hurting her, she keep being quiet
She might be holding something inside, she gonna hurt you one day
Now I'm laying in the hospital, bandaged from feet to head
In a state of shock, just that much from being dead
I didn't think my woman can do something like this to me
I didn't think the girl had the nerve
Here I am, I guess actions speak louder than words
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
Don't keep thinking you can keep treating your woman bad
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
She won't ever get mad
(Its a Thin Line), Yes it is, yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)
She's gonna fool you one day
(Its a Thin), It's a line thin, (Line Between Love and Hate), between love and hate
Its a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
She's gonna fool you one day
(Its a Thin Line), Yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)


*Sounds of loading bullets into a gun

Hey Tone!
Whats the deal?
They wanna play?
Let's get these motherfuckers!




Yo... aiyo this joint right here is about
When you goin' through mad shit
And it just seem like you get out of it, nowhere and shit
You thinkin' you puttin' your shit in and you thinkin'
You gettin' over, and doin' all this other shit
But before you know it, your whole world just caved in on you, pa
Check the joint, it's... uh-huh, yeah, I walked into the place
Verse one...


Over, and then my life (the masquerade)
I know it's over... (the masquerade)
Uh-oh, over (over) my my my good day is over
(Over) the masquerade is over (over)
Uh-oh-oh, it's over... (over)


Aiyo, back in '95 when I was jugglin' bitches
Pumpin' coke out the spot, smackin' fiends in the kitchen
All around dick sucks whenever, blowin' chronic out of Philly's
Gettin' flusty in the Cub' Link era
Niggas tellin' me my spot is hot
They like I think any day now, playboy, shit gon' pop
Back then I was the phat Ghost, them came March 1st
My eighth platoon got murked, got burnt for all our work
After the funeral, I played low, countin' my last ten g's
Three weeks later, yo, I'm back in the P's
Gatherin' up information, checkin' faces
Keepin' a forty-five auto' loaded like it was bases
When it get dark, venom will leave my mark (over)
I heard a voice through a bullhorn, a white man he said "Yo, Starks!
You're surrounded, put down your gun, look at the rules
There's nothin' but cops, nigga, you better not run"




Yeah... you see how that went right?
That episode got deep and all of that
Knawhatimean? Then it just go on and
It just don't stop... I don't care what town you from
What hood you from, it just all goes in, yo, check this episode
Verse two


Aiyo, aiyo, 11:40 A.M. in the best Western
I'm with my bat, blew her ass back and chest in
Slob my knob, yeah no question, this my main bat
She thorough like that, so we don't use protection
But the night before, my wiz must of check my phone
How the fuck she get the codes... I don't know
Next thing, she layin' in the 'tel lobby, spotted me
Tippin' the doorman, holdin' hands with my bitch besides me
My heart drop, everything stops, scared to death
Told my broad to keep it moving, cuz I just got knocked
Don't turn around, as soon she did, she bust a shot
Plus she talk, security drop when she touch the Glock
I had the gum-face on, long face on
Didn't say shit, not even cough or spit, my bitch was gone
There goes the car, house, rhyme boats or jewelry
Court date judges, my shorty tried to screw me




Uh... you see, sometime it don't pay
What goes around comes around in
In many different ways and
You can guess what happened
That's right ya'll, you know how it get down
If anybody got it locked, it's God, that's right
Word...


Hey Kimmy, how you doing? What up Keisha
Damn girl, your hair looks so nice
Yeah, I got my shit done at Tasha's
You know I don't even fuck with that bitch
Yo, son, I think Ghost fuckin' one of them bitches, man
And can you believe this son told them bitches that he can cook, man
Yo, I can't believe this, these bitches don't know where to fuckin'
Put a salon up in the fuckin' hood, son I can't even make no money no more, man
(Yo, son... maybe you need to tell them bitches that
If they could put a Ms. Pac-Man or somethin' in the back
Maybe we could get some money back, maybe we could get some money back there)
Son, you know I don't even FUCK with them bitches like that, nig', come on, man
"Come on sugar, hold me tight" ... - sample




Yo, most of the time, yo, I'm flicked up
Stepping out the crib like I'm sixed up, don't get it mixed up
Even if I'm shaking your hand, I'm still gripped up
With two spots left, yeah, we still bricked up
Trees pine, gleem no seed, young boys feeling they self, they must be on E's
Me? I stay yachted out, boating on oceans
He banging my old chick, and he mad open
Think I smell the goons, they been business since the Tunnel days
Shanks out, they ready to move
Somebody yelled out 'ballin'
In two seconds, lord, they was up on 'em
That boy should of slowed down, baby
Now what we gon' tell his lady
Jaw on the floor, looking all crazy
A lot of vicks been going down in here, lately


In 2012, the DJ is still recognized as the crowd controller
The record breaking, keep the bottles popping and all the ass shaking


It's that Wu shit, it's that movement
It's the Wu shit, in the house


Yo, should I talk about all the jewels I wore on my neck
While you had to tuck your little shit in out of respect
I'm a don, rebel out of Staten Island projects
I dare ya'll to come in my projects
Leave with no head, no neck
You thought I was Flex, the way I bombed the set
In the hallway, banger house, smelling like cake
Tongueing bitches down, most of them got scraped
Watch how I move the crowd, I'mma make 'em, make 'em clap to this
No shit, no doubt
Two shots of Hennessy, ladies want Goose
Earlier them fronting niggas, now they want a truce
Mami got a bubble in her Jimmy Choo shoe
When I go and kick it, she's a goodie two-shoe?
Yeah, right, daddy got bread
Like J. Holiday, I wanna put you to bed
Tell me your girlfriends, kicks, don't let it go to your head
Walking around in your cheap ass threads
Get away from me, stinky




Yeah, yo, I spit lines from the rubble room
Bottom line, I kick mines, like a mother's womb
I'm, still in my prime, fuck them other dudes
No biting's the rule, but we can eat each other's food
Flash a camera at the all time great
Single handing increase New York's crime rate
That's why I love it in the Empire State
The city where your fat ass can still find weight
But ya'll ain't getting it, the game is different
And in the recession, a lot of veterans is quitting it
Every day I'm living it, your boy got blunts
Fighting after school, a lot of ya'll got jumped
Staten Island, bruh, ratchet under my coat, potato silencer
And we silencing that, just every day challenge us
Check a nigga out of respect, I'm spectacular, this the Massacre




Had enough you... Tango... when I hit three
Pull that God damn trigger... one... two... *gunshot*
And ya'll are proof, meet me back at the place
(What in the hell) It's Jones, break him off!


Theodore, Theodore, Theodore
(Muthafucka, it's the Unit
This the shit, throw your elbows to it)


All ya'll upcoming M.C.'s, follow the Don
We gon' take a little walk around Eminem's pond
To a nice beautiful place, where 50 got rich
Far far away, from the drug dealer shit
Down deep in the bricks, where the thugs kill shit
I'm gonna keep reppin' my hood, and I ain't gonna stop
Fightin' to get paper, while the pistols pop
These police hate me, and wanna close my shop
Yeah, street flavor niggas, me and my Goon Squad
Mixed with Theodore, kid, bang my tunes hard
Bang bang, be Don, be doin' my thang, thang
Especially when I go hard for God
And a special ed' bitch respect my retard




Paid us money? (Yeah, comin' in, all right?)


I'm in the 0-5 Benz, with the suicide doors
Lazy eye lights, and the apple suede floors
Mossberg jacket, Carmine's, number six
My guns out the windows, reload it like The Matrix
I'm tryin' take this back to '86
Where the chains are hollow, and silly rabbits had 'tricks'
We all pose like jail flicks (word)
And them nicks was like twenties
We ain't rock Christ heads, we had Playboy bunnies
And Jordans to, I rocked ones in '85
I'mma rap, but I rhyme, just to stay alive
No jive, we fam, like the Jackson 5
Twisting the Gerder, one leg on the wheel as I ride
No low profile, I need meat on the wheels
And the law gonna help me get a mil for reals
Big business, billion dollar funds for deals
All protein, son, I need steak for meals
Keep your scampi, pa..






I know why you're here...
You wanna test out hard with my kung fu
(No, I've come here -- and I need your help
Your steel darts, you still have them?)
What for? (because they have guns
That kill up to a hundred yards, very powerful)
My darts could beat a pistol?
(You wanna help or not?)
{Duh-deh-duhn... live and direct
We got the connect, we gonna ride
Deh-duh-duh-deh-duhn... deh.. deh..}

"It's what it is!"


No question, sensational dart, no dollar superbs
Spoken word slang, throw them with perfection
Slick when he talk, simplistics, stand exquisite
Tiger palm smack ground, one man down
Got a few that'll kill right now
Bring his crown back with Kunta, one-two
The truth and the square, dare any man to stare
Down the eye of the barrel, like a needle to the camel
You will never enter, nuff ammo
Shaolin Finger Jab, stab the man running
Deadly sold delivery, stunning poetry
For the masses, solid liquid gasses
Gather to a bomb explosion, Sony eruption
Frontin' on Pelon, Lei Long'll get you swung on
Long barrel spinning rims on something foreign
Semi-auto flow spit forty five in the left grip
Right hold the mic tight, strike
With the force of Mike, when I'm speaking


Straight from the Hall of Justice, Hummers
Dirty bones, black 'Didas, black reefer in jars
We fly militant, brilliant thinkers, tanks
Yo, pull it together while we guzzle these drinks
We armed veterans, holding up swords
Driving Alfo Romeos, breaking down Sicily yayo
We seen the drama, drawing these heaters on cheaters
Shooting at bitches, hopping up domes for weight
We wild style gorillas, fly apes caught in Botanical Gardens
Trying to get back to the States
The harder they come, the harder we scrape
We coming back in jet lears, flying through the Tri-Boro today
What's really good, live niggas go up beside niggas
Mad bullets sit in your hood
We titanium vets, with jet fuel, vision the biz
We orchestrated like no other, word to mother


Say, why'd you have to ask me, there are many experts
(I know you, you're my brother
Also your darts are pretty formidable)
Heh, I must admit, it's fast as the speed of light


Yo, I rock a black mask, homemade bottle of Goose
Toney moonshine his miracle herbs and African roots
Blow suits, slap A&R's, tapered your jaw
Had you chopping off your body parts like this was Saw
Cut raw, got the Fishscale flooding the streets
And Masta Killa's blowing girders outta crystal sheets
Slay beats, just the Verra' boss, Wu-Tang Holocaust
Fuck around, leave you with a mouth full of murder sauce
Broken, hanging off the cross with one nail in
Chuck meat, ya chicken bones is looking real frail and
Heavy, my seventy seven got suicide doors, my wrist
Chirped up with pretty rocks, with no flaws
Guns stay barking like pitbull spiting, it's frightening
How Ironman, ricochet lightning
Bob and weave, duck and squeeze
Why ya'll can't pop holes in the kids, holla!

"It's what it is!"
"It's what it is!"




Machine gun Rap for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flash stacks
See through yellow lines, rock a fly jersey in the summertime
God, magic marker rap, bleed betadine relaxed
Wrote this, coming at you crab ass culprits
Snatch ya ice off, chilling in the back, throw the lights off
Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion
Thick snare, I'm feeling like a snail in the ocean
What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris? Melodic single darts
Snap a nigga just like fish, you fucked up
Some rich niggas you done test, yo
Select the wrong apartment and niggas pulled up your dress
Style, molest that, Canal chain, nigga where ya vest at?
Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo
Saddam Hussain niggas, light the torch, we flaming niggas
Autograph that, flatten all the main niggas


(It's Yours!)
The world in the palm of your hand
(It's Yours!)
Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's Yours!)
The seed and the black woman
(It's Yours!)
Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's Yours!)


Yo, super freak physique like Raphael Saadiq
Baby love the ganja leaf everyday of the week
Super friends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats
The night is right, I might find me a suite
It's a quarter full moon, I arrive, women swoon
Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room
Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom
Keep in stride, smoke the lye smoke the boom
Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes
Hell bound, species forty ounce typhoon
The ultra-violet scream machine move your body touch
The totem pole wobble, Ark builders, God's thrust
Beams of light, stop ya breathing, it's hunting season
Honey eye-balling down for no reason
Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors
Never mind the laws cause tonight It's yours


Stop the fader of the RAM, blast more watts through my pre-amp
Them can't stress the beat vamp the shit'll get blamp
At full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle
Crack your soul like bottles, leave you stiff as models
You fag, you couldn't pull one drag off my blunt
You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag
With scissors in your hands bitch the RZA
I stand close to walls, like Number 4 The Lizard
And channel through solar panels, blast off like Roman Candles
Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wahoo McDaniel
You cocker spaniel dogs, can't fuck with our catalog
Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog


It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you
The impact will blow trees back and crack statues
Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit
Explicit, I crystallize ya rhyme till you can sniff it
We live this, fitted hats low conceal the crooked eye
No surprise, verbal stick up, put 'em high
Rebel I outlaw, split second on the draw
Blow the door off this shit like bricks of C-4




Check out my beaver, baby blue Glock in the safe
Seen Dorothy in the garden getting ski row eight
We hold a belt Son, that's my word
Spot a rapper run him down, throw him out in the third, yo check it
I think like the man behind a register
Evergreen smoking estates, Divine and Power made me treasurer
With third down, six to go flash his strobe lights
I'm open, RZA hit me off lovely and I love him
With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday
The babyface of Rap politic with Sade
Avenging eagle crooks, rock the "W" and "Spiegel" books
Anheuser-Busch kings came through and stopped your whole Juks
Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes
Painful like hearing the news, like when your man go
Ends blow, windy at times watch the room
Sexy girl love the shit out the song, now watch her water break



***Chorus (repeat 2X)***
I want you for myself, I don't want nobody else
Trying it to me, or come between you & me
(Because we got a good thang)


Why should I play the field, when it's you I want
I'm not that jealous type, but I ain't gonna front
We should just settle down, and stop foolin around
Becouse we both feel for each other
So why should there be those other lovers

***Hook***
I know what love is
So I know my feelings are true couse I feel for you
Sometimes I feel hurt, becouse I played the fool
(So lovin' you alone is wrong?)

***Chorus (repeat 2X)***


Let's get the gin ammerin' and can concentrate on us
So every little girl I love is based on trust
Love is so good but there's also people
They all, there just me and you
Just the thought of you
With someone else just makes me crazy
Baby...

***Hook***

***Chorus (repeat 2X)***


Miss Dee jumped out the cab, five bags, I've seen tags
The W, new models seen my name, it prints Starks bubelgoose
This kid got ice for you miss, you heard my joints
Camay and Fish, blow a hole in the Freak'n You hype remix
My alias crush, jag me as I hop of the buss
Smackin' me, seein' me inside of you
The righteous call it lust, slow dance on my songs
And slug one last chance, as this man choppin' 3 birds off
The bone-cing advance...

***Chorus (repeat 2X)***




This was my favorite girl for years, she knows the way I perform
Sometimes I pull my boxers down, ya'll, with one Timb on
It be times, you know I stay away when her friends on
For some reason, she be really hot, when her friends gone
That's when I slide on over with a Guinness on the stouffer
To talk a little shit, then get a little closer
Like, what up boo, you know that Ghost loves you
I get butterflies when we hug and kiss, do you?
Huh? Answer me, let me if it's the truth now
That pretty mole above your lips looking cute now
Ooh child, I'm patient, my mind's telling me
To stay calm, I wanna get it off like a G bomb
On top of your skin, I'm sliding it in
When I'm done, you can wake it up and ride it again
Then we can hold on through the night, fan on and covers on
It's bright from the TV light, peace, good night


Looking out my window, sun shining bright
Birds are singing, trying to make things right
Now I got good music, oh, on my radio
And I can hear love songs playing, behind closed doors
Now I don't want no one, on the catch me side
But ever since you left, said goodbye


I wish you were here with me
I said I wish you were here with me
I wish you were here, with me


And thinking bout your kiss, gloom all around me
Seen our love, is never gonna find me
And I keep looking, oh, for that brighter day
When all I see is, time slipping away
Oh and I got to talk, to keep myself together
But all I see is stormy weather




Now I got to get, get myself together
Cuz I can't take no more, of this stormy weather
Now I wish you were here with me
I wish you were right here
I wish you were here with me, ooh




Night falls and I call for you, love
But there's no one here to answer
No, no, no, oh
The wind blows and I turn to catch ya
But there's no one there but my reflection
No, oh I said I wish you was here with me




Him speaketh in tongues into the hearts of all flesh
Yeah stanyoi
Whoi


Oh God, I beg for forgiveness
So help me Lord, yes I beg for forgiveness
Deep in my heart, please, I'm crying for forgiveness
Allah U Akbar, I fall to my knees for forgiveness
Branded by the steel iron, bullets flying
Ladies being hit through wickedness, I'm losing my grip
I thought we lived by the books, The Bible, Koran
We pick cotton, my back is still hot and dark and
They threw burners in our babies' faces
Pale hands that looked scary touched our bodies in the strangest places
Sweat from the white man's head
Fell on our daughters as she cried, giving white man head
Almighty, alrighty, niggas is screwing
God won't you tell me why these ho niggas is screwing?
I'm sorry father, sacrifice me, leave me wife
Sacrifice me twice, so my kids can see paradise...


So we heed our God king Selassie I, Jehovah God, Jah Rastafari
Who is seated in Zion and reigneth in all
In the hearts of all flesh - whoa wow
Let my task oh Jah with them that strive with me
Fight against them - whoa wow
That fight against me - whoa wow
Take hold thy shield and rock and stand up for my health
Oh Jah, oh Jah, only you can comfort me
La la la, la la la la la, la la la la
La la la whoi stand out


Curse to the wicked snakes who try to snatch the truth away
Cursed be the ones who try to take our youth away
Peace to the black, the brown, the red, yellow, and white seed
We don't discriminate man over color/creed
They tried to snatch up our beats, son, and steal our culture
And German Catholics, whitewashing Roman sculptures
How dare you try to deny Allah's intelligence?
Kidnap the truth, and destroying the black evidence


Glory be to the father
Glory be to the son (Glory be to the holy one)
Glory be to the holy one
The holder of creation whoi
As Jah was in the beginning is now and forever shall be
Jah world... Jah world without end whoi
So we heed our God king Selassie I, Jahova God, Jah Rastafari
Who is seated in Zion and reigneth in the hearts of
In the hearts of all flesh whoi



(Jealousy) What made you get the same shoe as mine?
(Jealousy) I copped a chain and bought a house then came
(Jealousy) Why'd you have to say my mother's name?
(Jealousy) It could kill you or leave you shamed
(Jealousy) Let me introduce you to the world of jealousy
(Jealousy) It can get you killed, shot
(Jealousy) Mainly ones who stand out amongst others
(Jealousy) Meaning those who are on, opposed to those who are not
(Jealousy) It's a shame
Watch out for them they are officially out there (Jealousy)
Jealousy comes from a few forms such as like (Jealousy)
Who get the most pussy; or I heard he got the most money (Jealousy)
Or tellin you I ain't the best MC
(Jealousy) Things of that nature
(Jealousy) .. (Jealousy) .. (Jealousy) ..




Aiyyo
Here's a little story ghetto love situation
'Bout a girl I met who had many temptations
She was so fly, get high, well understood
Big-ass big brains and straight out the hood


Yo
Aiyyo, I woke up early took a stretch and a yawn
Had a 2 o'clock appointment with this girl name Dawn
She ain't the Avon lady but her beauty was strong
Right before she went to rest she had me singin this song
She must be a special lady
And a very exciting girl
I don't know
She had the high-glow's switchin
See her in the club you hear others chicks bitchin
But Dawn quit to bust a bitch ass and shit
See she did 12 months over a ratchet
Not no crab shit
Got bagged with the MAC
Taxi cab shit
Clip was hangin out her panties with no where to stash it
It was classic
Nowadays shes laid back
Helpin me perfect my rap
Only pink and smoked salmon where she feed her cat
White, furry thing
Diamond cut like johnny lex collar attached
Lickin glass bowls in her cat clothes
Cause crazy stacks
Finicky thing
Her kittin drink Polar Spring
Take naps
Near her jewerly box
She play with all the rings
And when she step out the tub its like an ill flick
Carmel skin, bath and body works leave the whole room lit
Cinnamon candles, sweet side, they on relax mode
Paint her toes on the bed slow, watchin me
Versace robe on her body, peak, sippin asti (piemonte)
She a perfect 10 in my wildest dreams DAWN


Aiyyo, she gotta be gone
Waitin on my sweet strawberry pecan rican LaShawn
Holdin my taffy down when I'm gone
Three fourths of her body always covered with clothes
Thats why I'm eatin her candy
And suckin her toes
Sweet sexy LaShawn
She got body like whats goin on
On some marvin gaye shit like lets get it onnnnn
Suuuugarrrr
Letssss getttt it onnnnn
Ayo she a diamond in the rough
Black rose in the hood
I love my queen and she treat me good
Fuck cookin for me
She stash me out when the feds come lookin for me
I'm not cheatin on her or beatin on her
I spend the weekend on her
We on the block when the bills start creepin on her
She right there when it gets sticky
She strict politic to the vicky's
And a fly aviator the color of sky
God on her side
Indian chick with cat eyes
Mad respect with the fat thighs
She busts guns for the revolution
Would straight leave her if she prostituting
Yo my girls the bomb
Intelligent mind
Sky blue louis vetton
Leg muscles, deep dimples
Body is soft she smell fresh like a new born
Pretty feet peitete ass nice shoes on
The sunshine for my quiet storm
Keepin the food warm when I'm gone
It won't be long 'til I'm back to my sweet butter pecan rican LaShawn
Hit me up baby girl, P.S. Cappadon'


Aiyyo, aiyyo I woke up in the morning still drunk off the Henn
Had a 3'oclock appointment with this girl name Jen
You know Jen from a hundred and ten, she push the Lex Coupe
Part time fashion designer she work for Jet Blue
Pretty young thing, with a body like vida
Ass off the meter, Eva Mendes look, strut like a diva
Leave her shine fine, blow minds like dimes of a cheeba
She like it from behind, slow grind, sometimes with her feet up
Ms. Bonita Applebum Bottom, thick as a Roman column
Raw dick it down, love me, even if I'm holdin condoms!
Cause she my bitch, the only cat that I lick
Throwin that ass like Ciara on the top of that whip
Latin decent, velour suit with the cameltoe print
Peppermint flared panties with the garder-belt clips
Tattoo of a small butterfly on her inner thigh
Even at my loneliest times you that Jen will ride...


Whether Jen, Dawn, or Shawn its the same situation
'Bout a girl I met who had many temptations
She was so fly, get high, well understood
Big-ass big brains and straight out the hood




God's woman... what's going on?
I know things seem messed up sometime
You stressed out and you can't handle the situation
Sometime it feels like you lacking the guidance
And you don't know what to do... but stay strong
And keep in mind that he always loves you...
It's what it is... that's right sugar love
Come on...


Josephine, the times are getting tough
Seems to me... you just won't get enough
The rain, won't wash away, your sins...
You'll be here, to do them all over again...


Yo, I know this chick from the hood named Courtney Cox
And her brain is easy to pick like faulty locks
She's awfully hot, asshole burning like tobasco
She used to be thick, it's like where the hell her ass go
Started smoking weed and graduated to the pipe
Thought that she could quit but her calculations wasn't right
Infactuated with the life of dope fiends and crack pushers
Prostituting for old pimps who mack hookers
Putting dope in the cook, searching for her vein
Tracks all over her arms, she never felt the pain
The monkey on her back is now a gorilla
Fiending for a hit knowing one day it's gon' kill her
The clinic didn't help (nope) she just another young black woman
Destroying her pretty image and her health
Got me thinking to myself, damn, how could this happen?
I seen her on the corner, nodding off, sniffin' and scratching




She wakes up, with an urge to get high
Everyday, the same routine, needing a morning fix to get by
So she reaches for her purse, grab the bag and the needle
Tie a sock around her arm and start shooting up the diesel
Having flashbacks, screwing some dude up in his hatchback
The night before, body still sore, holding her ass crack
A regular John, she met him through Tom
She passed out with the syringe still stuck in her arm
Dying a slow death, oh, she losing her damn mind
From the troubles of the world, feeling cursed by mankind
Uh, caught up in a desperate rage, was blessed with AIDS
Lost her appetite, hardly slept in days
Now it's too late, praying to Jesus, she fucked around
With the wrong penis, contaminated with diseases
Two months pregnant, carrying around her fetus
But they found her on Broad, in the dumpster, behind the cleaners




Josephine, what's wrong, baby?
Come on...


Yo, what your momma gonna think of you girl?
Her little baby's all doped up, strung out on the world
Try'nna make some quick cash for a hit of that stash
Listen, baby, you growing up much too fast
Uh, this goes out to every project and every ghetto
For those getting high, using drugs on every level
Living your life, day and night, getting stoned
You better leave those drugs alone, feel me?


Up all night, under the party lights
Same old popping and party hopping
All of your so called friends, are leading you down the wrong road
Leading you back to crack, it's a known fact
It is time, that you need me, I'll be there, to help ya
I'll be your leaning pole when you're falling down
I'll be there, when you falling down (sooner or later)




God's woman... what's going on?
I know things seem messed up sometime
You stressed out and you can't handle the situation
Sometime it feels like you lacking the guidance
And you don't know what to do... but stay strong
And keep in mind that he always loves you...
It's what it is... that's right sugar love
Come on...


Josephine, the times are getting tough
Seems to me... you just won't get enough
The rain, won't wash away, your sins...
You'll be here, to do them all over again...
The rain, won't wash away, your sins...
You'll be here, to do them all over again...


Yo, I know this chick from the hood named Courtney Cox
And her brain is easy to pick like faulty locks
She's awfully hot, asshole burning like tobasco
She used to be thick, it's like where the hell her ass go
Started smoking weed and graduated to the pipe
Thought that she could quit but her calculations wasn't right
Infactuated with the life of dope fiends and crack pushers
Prostituting for old pimps who mack hookers
Putting dope in the cook, searching for her vein
Tracks all over her arms, she never felt the pain
The monkey on her back is now a gorilla
Fiending for a hit knowing one day it's gon' kill her
The clinic didn't help (nope) she just another young black woman
Destroying her pretty image and her health
Got me thinking to myself, damn, how could this happen?
I seen her on the corner, nodding off, sniffin' and scratching




Up all night, under the party lights
Same old popping and party hopping
All of your so called friends, are leading you down the wrong road
Leading you back to crack, it's a known fact
It is time, that you need me, I'll be there, to help ya
I'll be your leaning pole when you're falling down
I'll be there, when you falling down (sooner or later)


The Josephine that I knew, had a fiend for the rich guys
Old fashion girl, judged a man by her shoe size
If you had on the right Nikes, looked like the right type
Paid her the right price, she give you the green light
She was a different breed, she smoked different weed
Every week her hair done, she had a different weave
She was in and out of bars, she was in and out of cars
She was on and off the law, she was in and out of drawers
The chick a dime, I admit, I even tried to hit
I told her I was broke as shit, but I got the magic stick
I'm that confident, she said I need the cash
A different time, a different place, I could have the ass
Years went pass, before I seen her again
Now she slim, and I don't think she been in the gym
So I asked her how she been, she said I'm down with the men
Now I'm seen, but I caught AIDS when I was fucking with them






Word (These mothafuckin' niggas, man)
Yeah, I hear that, you got that shit, right?
(Yeah, I got it) Lemme hear it
(I'ma two-way Sunn back right now
Next time she show up right on time for this shit)
Word, no doubt
(Better stop smokin' on that shit)
Fuck that, hey, don't do it with him
(Whatever)
Yo yeah, lemme get that mothafucka's sayin' on this, nigga
(Yeah, niggas be buggin' in here
Nigga don't speak no fuckin' English, word?)
You get me everything? (I got you a cheese joint)
{Diamond buscuits, mothafucka!}


Now let's see, we don't get down like that
See, he holds his own, haha, he holds his own
Haha, he holds his own (Bank!)
(John Blizzy) {Straight like that}
He holdin' twenty on this
(Ghost Deini) {Uh-huh! Yeah!}
(ShaCronz) {The invincible, baby)
Bad boys (Suga Bang) {It's like that!}
(D-Digi!)


Spontaneous combustion got niggas lustin'
Fuckin' with this head bustin' track spanker
Decaffinator, crab sinker, twenty-five
Tryin' to live to see my forty acher, before I die
Immaculate conceptions like loaded weapons
Shootin' up ya rap session in mere seconds (Bluh! Bluh!)
Ya whole style is undressin'
Try to hide yaself behind the R&B section
And got spotted, fuckin' with them fake artists who make garbage
Now ya like a human target with no direction
And no protection, rap nigga assed out and no question
Dead and buried, we holdin' like the military
Fuck Dog Shit, hide-out beats and hot cherries
On virgin mic's, style very cri-Tical
By any means necessary, mad lyr-ical
The Ghostrider, want vengeance on you style biters
Ya whole sect got you gassed 'til I sparked the lighter
And burnt that ass like Dhalsim in Street Fighter
I play the shadows, scopin' out you lime lighters and Desperados


Killa Beez is ridin' East to West, baby
See our twenties spinnin' on our trucks, baby
Diamonds, Cubans hangin' from our neck, baby
Come on, come on


{Baby cuz It's Not a Game}
You see them mothafuckin' twenty-inch chromes spinnin'?
{Rocked out, baby, ice hangin'}


Bailed out from drugs, almost retired from bubblin'
Hammers was the guns under the rug, lift off my publishin'
Jet to Miami, I chuggle-lug the beat
Fiends beepin' me, I erase and delete (Come on)
Surrounded my palm trees and sound-proof condos
Tryin' out Spanish foods, Roberto's bangin' bongos
Do whatever, crackin' down weather, it means nice
Walkin' down the strip, these fat niggas broke the ice
Drive it in a host, the trucks, the gate's wide open
A square box fell out, I'm hopin' it be coke and
I snatched it, dipped into a parkin' lot and wrapped it
See diamonds, pearls, rubies, gems, covered with acid
Heavens to mega-troid, infants'll know I'm paranoid
What she goes through, I'm on a next flight to St. Croix
Sneaker boy and Genius, I heard he struck oil
Him and Masta Killa own Fox and mad loyal


Diamonds, Cubans hangin' from our neck, baby
Come on, come on


{The finest, baby, the finest}
(You see them Linx hangin'?)


Yo, yo
You know I rarely fight, I keep heat plus I'm very nice
I run with two-eighties on me like Jerry Rice
I fuck with many birds, not the canary type
I've seen a lot of happy days and scary nights
My click hotter than fish grease, kids be diss-free
Most of these labels can't handle this heat
I love new twat, scrap ho's on a few blocks
When my hate grows I let the tools pop
A lot of these rap niggas be fast to plea
Raw cook up, Got the Hook-Up like Master P
F.G., we don't talk, nigga, fast to squeeze
Walk up and let a hundred shots crash ya V
The first to pull out, the first to body somethin'
I got all the heat all the shorties in ya lobby pumpin'
Them dudes you standin' with probably frontin'
Killa Bee Gang got that shit that keep ya hottie jumpin'
What?




{Straight like that, baby, it's nuttin' less, K.B., baby
Don't forget it, C.C.F.}
You see the shits spinnin'?
Come on, nigga! {Clamp on, baby} Come on!
Yo, yo, tell them niggas, son
What? What?
You see the shits spinnin'? {Yeah}
Shit hangin', son, they hangin' {Better catch it}
Come on! Come on!


Straight gangsta
(Yo, you've just been experiencin'
Wu-Tang Killa Beez - The Sting)
Explosive, baby, comin' at you
(Y'all mothafuckas know..
The next chamber's the mothafuckin' weather)
Look out for the Stingers, baby




Boy get your lazy ass up
So you can go to store and get some flower
And some vegetable oil so I can fry some god damn
Chicken (uh-huh) {alright}
And don't forget to get the cards so I can whoop y'all
Ass in some spades
(Tell 'em girl) And if they ain't got it at that store
Get it at the 99 cent store, nigga


Yo, yo, yo, we on the steps with a six pack of Beck's
Four dutches, Osh Kosh jumpers, '86 viles, mustard {yeah}
A summer night, light drizzle type
Waitin' for the Mike fight to come on, son, 'pose to been on
I keep runnin' to the bathroom, shittin' {where the tissue at?}
I'm blowin' up Keisha bathroom, everybody bitchin' (god damn, nigga)
Ghost need his colon clensed
Countin' up g-stacks, eatin' Ken' Fried Chicken
Who wanna play spades? Word to rap, I'm givin' y'all a whippin'
Guzzled a couple, now, I'm seein' double
Rubbin' my girl leg, lookin' at Barbara, her sister got a nice bubble
I used to fuck her while she was seated by Bags from Brooklyn
He drove a Jag', she cut me off when she turned Muslim
I need some pussy though, that kind that be gushy though
That warm platinum pussy, with a dynamic pussy hole
I gotta fuck something, if not, I'mma fuck my girl
That's what's up, fuck the fight, yo, baby, let's peel..




Boy get your lazy ass up
So you can go to store and get some flower
And some vegetable oil so I can fry some god damn
Chicken (uh-huh) {alright}
And don't forget to get the cards so I can whoop y'all
Ass in some spades
(Tell 'em girl) And if they ain't got it at that store
Get it at the 99 cent store, nigga


Yo, yo, yo, we on the steps with a six pack of Beck's
Four dutches, Osh Kosh jumpers, '86 viles, mustard {yeah}
A summer night, light drizzle type
Waitin' for the Mike fight to come on, son, 'pose to been on
I keep runnin' to the bathroom, shittin' {where the tissue at?}
I'm blowin' up Keisha bathroom, everybody bitchin' (god damn, nigga)
Ghost need his colon clensed
Countin' up g-stacks, eatin' Ken' Fried Chicken
Who wanna play spades? Word to rap, I'm givin' y'all a whippin'
Guzzled a couple, now, I'm seein' double
Rubbin' my girl leg, lookin' at Barbara, her sister got a nice bubble
I used to fuck her while she was seated by Bags from Brooklyn
He drove a Jag', she cut me off when she turned Muslim
I need some pussy though, that kind that be gushy though
That warm platinum pussy, with a dynamic pussy hole
I gotta fuck something, if not, I'mma fuck my girl
That's what's up, fuck the fight, yo, baby, let's peel..




Yeah, yeah... we gon' get high to this
(The world's crazy, son yeah.. you know)
We gon' get high to this (just something about her)
My girl's a killa, my girl's a killa
(You know, her bag was always heavy, everytime I been around it)
We gon' get high to this (and diners, and restaurants, I don't know)
Yeah... yo...


Aiyo, I couldn't get enough from the way she smell
Was it Baby Phat, J.Lo, or straight Chanel
Her face belongs in a Luther video, Never Too Much
The way she smile, her face look pretty, though
Hands is soft, feet, no calluses
Her father owned six Palestine palaces
Laying out in New York, plush villas in Vegas
Greatest designer wear, son, she sport the latest
So I, pause the smooth talk, made her a drink
Blew her a kiss, as I sat down, she smiled and winked
Stood up, grabbed my hand, what up, slid ya boy to the bedroom
Popped the suitcase, I'm in the lead room
This check was loaded, equipped, with fifths
Porcelain handles with horse back kicks, whispered
"You know what, Ghost, I do hits" But niggas get fooled
By the sexyness, I'm a real gritty bitch


Killa Lipstick, my femme fatale, with the biscuits
A hit chick, now I'm number one on her hitlist
She killing the game, cuz she the business
Type of chick that love you to death, then leave no witness
Killa, I call you Killa cuz you slay me
Killa, you murda, mami? Ooh, you such a fucking lady
Killa, drive me half crazy, let's go half on this baby
Killa Lipstick, k-k-killa


Yeah, this white chick from L.A., she smelled like Downy
Had her best friend named Jade, from Rockland County
Double cokeheads who love cartoons, type chicks who eat pussy
Listen to Prince and play with they wombs
Flight attendant out of Delta Airline, get money girls
Travelled the world, only one did jail time
Jade, her father's a judge, same nigga in the O.J. case
When he tried on the glove, but uh, in this scenario, four A.M
The bars closed, now we at it again
Drunk nigga, come out I'm popping mad shit, he's past lit
Nancy Drew, drew out her purse, the blue steel ratchet
Didn't even say shit, she blasted, barrel smoking
Shot the Henny out his hand for laughing
These are my bitches, Nancy and Jade
Natural born killas be letting they guns blaze... god damn!




Look she tired of the same old basic, let's face it
This is how she wants to be laced, I'm raping it
Anywhere, I'm taking it, she loving how the gangsta flex
This is thug sex, Iking it, nasty talk
As she liking it, spanking it, she biting the sheets
She's a freak, my view from the embassy suites
Is off the beach shore, Dirty would've love you, mami
'You like it raw?' A tear drop, fucking you slow
I see your knees knock, your love is so sweet
If I switch beats, and hit you with angles, you might breathe
You know the Godbody make healthy wise seeds
You, plus a glass of weed, is all he need
You could travel so far, look, maybe book a flight to Mars
To escaping at, one forty two?
They take Jet Blue for two, into Long Beach
Rain lifted whipping the port, from when I touch
Look something nice up in the stash, hit a Dutch






(Yo, Oh, Yo Rae... I can't feel my face
My heart pounding and shit (audible heart)
Paranoid as a motherfucker right now, who the fuck?
Close them blinds and shit! Who that? Captain Kirk?
This the fucking Stark...enterprise, enterprise outside and some shit?
I need some pussy though I'm ready to fuck Catwoman or something
F-fuck it, lets go!

Aiyyo shareefa go to the store for me. I need some razors and a fresh box
Of baggies, the ones with the tint in them!
Aiyyo son turn that water down a little bit, just a little bit..Thank You
I need two waters, a dutch, and a cranberry Snapple)


All around the world today, the Kilo is the measure
(Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man!)
A kilo is one thousand grams, its easy to remember
(You never catch the kid going hand to hand!)
All around the world today, the Kilo is the measure
(Once you got the funds you got the panties, man!)
A Kilo is a thousand grams, its easy to remember
(Throughout I-95 I'm the Handyman)


Bricks, Tar caps, powder, cooked up crack
Phones is tapped over franklin's stacks
Kingpins put in bullpens, old connects get paro'
Break out of town when the Jakes take down the Pharoah
Reason, He was moving that peruvian white
Blowing coolies in the hoopties , slamming cuties at night
Big heavy pots over hot stoves
Mayonnaise jars of water with rocks in them got my whole projects out of order
A Kilo is a thousand grams
Beige, gold, brown, dirty, fluffy, tan, extract oil cut from cuban plants
The chemist is brolic, pyrex scholars
Professors at war over raw, killing partners for a million dollars




Yeah
Aiyyo peace to those cooking that raw, powder white
Get your sniff on, scarface niggas, we getting right
Some call it bricks, some call it birds
How many niggas get they lives tooken playing with shit, then catch a curve
You would go to jail
Get caught with this, niggas'll grow to fail
Stop playing, pot slaying, baking soda and scales
They lived like brothers, word life, connects discovered
Most niggas get hard, from fucking with them pipes and hustlers
Kilo is one thousand grams
You know your ammo better be heavy cause soon kids is coming in camo
Protect your land daddy, I'm an announcer
You get caught with an ounce and its over
Matter 'fact they takin you down, son




Some say a drug dealers destiny is reachin the ki'
I'd rather be the man behind the door, supplying the streets
A hundred birds go out, looking like textbooks
When they wrapped and stuffed
Four days later straight cash, two million bucks
Strictly powder, no cut
Your coke is vialed in, whats up?
Y'all beefin over little shit, we sniff, the balance split up
In a plane or a penthouse, office or a warehouse
Tony's got it nice, we never heard of any big droughts
Kilo is a thousand grams
A pile of sand is equivilant, to the eye
It's nice to have a thousand fans
Coke buyers, some be liars
Therefore, you check for wires
Dedicated dealers, during holidays we give 'em lighters


Red tops, blue tops, green tops, yellow tops
Purple tops, beige tops, white tops, grey tops
Black tops, clear tops, gold tops, pink tops
Silver tops, tan tops, aqua tops, orange tops
Salt tops, long tops, short tops, 12 12's
58 58's, weed bags, ziplocks
Big rocks, coke spots, two Glocks, one ox
Crumbs chopped, hot pots, one plate, crack Spot






Yo, Oh, Yo Rae... I can't feel my face
My heart pounding and shit (audible heart)
Paranoid as a motherfucker right now, who the fuck?
Close the blinds and shit! Who that? Captain Kirk?
The Stark...enterprise, enterprise I was on and some shit?
..I need some pussy though I'm ready for a Catwoman or something
F-fuck it, lets go!
Aiyyo Shareefa go to the store for me. I need some razors and a fresh box
Of baggies, the ones with the tint in them!
Aiyyo son turn that water down a little bit, just a little bit..Thank You
I need two waters, a dutch, and a cranberry Snapple)


All around the world today, the Kilo is the measure
(Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man)
A kilo is a thousand grams, its easy to remember
(You never catch the kid going hand to hand)
All around the world today, the Kilo is the measure
(Once you got the funds you got the panties, man)
A Kilo is a thousand grams, its easy to remember
(Throughout the I 9 to 5 I'm the Handyman)


Racing through the hood, ski mask off
Criminology hustle, when goons play the heat, blast off
And every direction, protect ya babies, your moms
Late night like Carson Daly, Theo Bailey, we stay armed
Grits box, vacuum tight, concealing the powder
Five fake cans of blow to throw them off wit the flower
Red dots on me, big scopes, bullets the size of nickels
Got Starkey coming out of his coat
I gots to jet, don't look back, my cardio's killing me
Old ladies is like 'Hold ya head, Tone, literally'
All this, for a thousand grams?
I'd rather be a con artist scheaming with a thousand scams




Aiyyo peace to those cooking that raw, powder white
Get your sniff on, scarface niggas, we getting right
Some call it bricks, some call it birds
How many niggas get they lives tooken playing with shit, then catch a curb
You would go to jail
Get caught with this, niggas'll grow to fail
Stop playing, pot slaying, baking soda and scales
They lived like brothers, word life, connects discovered
Most niggas get hard, from fucking with them pipes and hustlers
Kilos is one thousand grams
You know your ammo better be heavy cause soon kids is coming in camo
Protect your land daddy, I'm an announcer
You get caught with an ounce and its over
Matter 'fact they takin you down, son




Bricks, Tar caps, powder, cooked up crack
Phones is tapped over franklin's stacks
Kingpins put in bullpens, old connects get paro'
Break out of town when the Jakes take down the Pharaoh
Reason, He was moving that peruvian white
Blowing coolies into hoopties , slamming cuties and ice
Big heavy pots over hot stoves
Mayonnaise jars of water with rocks in them got my whole projects out of order
A Kilo is a thousand grams
Beige, gold, brown, dirty, fluffy, tan, extract oil cut from cuban plants
The chemist is brolic, pyrex scholars
Professors at war over raw, killing partners for a million dollars




Some say a drug dealers destiny is reachin the ki'
I'd rather be the man behind the door, supplying the streets
A hundred birds go out, looking like textbooks
When they wrapped and stuffed
Four days later straight cash, two million bucks
Strictly powder, no cut
Your coke is vialed in, whats up?
Y'all beefin over little shit, we sniff, the balance split up
In a plane or a penthouse, office or a warehouse
Tony's got it nice, we never heard of any big droughts
A Kilo is a thousand grams
A pile of sand is equivilant, to the eye
It's nice to have a thousand fans
Coke buyers, some be liars
Therefore, you check for wires
Dedicated dealers, during holidays we give 'em lighters


Red tops, blue tops, green tops, yellow tops
Purple tops, beige tops, white tops, grey tops
Black tops, clear tops, gold tops, pink tops
Silver tops, tan tops, aqua tops, orange tops
Salt tops, long tops, short tops, 12 12's
58 58's, weed bags, ziplocks
Big rocks, coke spots, big Glocks, one OT's
Crumbs chopped, hot pots, one plate, crack Spot




Thirteen getting it, pyrex whipping it
Like UPS, pack it up, shipping it
Whether base or sniffing it, I got your fix
The story's foretold like apocalypse
It was me Michael T.T., handing out freebies
Taking over blocks, telling niggas to be fee
Where big brother 'Vine'll leave the body in the street
Something kinda like how I be bodying the beat
We was 300 deep like the Persian soldiers
Word spread fast, we was serving boulders
Ten crack commandments, holy Moses
If you don't fit must equip icer toners
Never grip they holders, fingers to the snitchers
The New York niggas be taking all our bitches
But we be God damned if taking all our business
Duct tape, hard tops, C.S.I. forensics






Pushing for the King of New York, I see it
Gangsters try so hard but can't be it
Only one could rise above all the rest
And I got faith in my man, Lest
Take down the King's throne
Conquer the warzone


Lester Kane, I call him LK for short
See LK pushing for that King of New York
Few million dollar cribs
Liberace jewel box, gold ox
Ostrich leather shoes, the egyptian socks
Tailor made shoes built like a brick house
Six foot nine, son
The God had to duck in his house
Keep a trail of bitches,I'm talking three on each side
The head of his syndicate
Walk with black pride
He a monsoon mastermind
Flyer than the Isleys
Put a pop in your pudding
But not the Cosby's type
I'm talking big guns and Cadillac coupes
The New York monsignor's just scared of his suits
And his troops is like loyal lions, ready to feast
At the first drop of blood that falls down from the beast
Roam these streets with iced out case for the syndicate
Fucking with Lester on these blocks, boy, you in for it


Pushing for the King of New York, I see it
Gangsters try so hard but can't be it
Only one could rise above all the rest
And I got faith in my man, Lest
Take down the King's throne
Conquer the warzone


All hail to the King Kane
Sling remarkable razor lines
Organized crime brung shotty's under the trenchcoat
Black Bugatti with gold spokes, folks get heart attacks
Sitting on top of the glow. money in garbage bags
Washing up the restaurants, nightclubs, etc
Pinky ring worth a small island, I raise the bezel up
Women on they're night strolls turning tricks and they trained to go
Nothin' stoppin' my function, got coppers on the payroll
Lawyers and judges quick to toss cases when I say so
King of New York with pesos
Leaving 'em foaming, mouths stitched
Eyes wide shut but speaking on my firm
When will they learn, loose lips will get your flesh burned
Puffing on a Cohiba Cuban
Them rubies got some bullets with they're name on it
And I'm itching to send it through
City is mine with war on my mind
And take the thrown by design
Yes, it's mine, I claim the spot cause I'm


Pushing for the King of New York, I see it
Gangsters try so hard but can't be it
Only one could rise above all the rest
And I got faith in my man, Lest
Take down the King's throne
Conquer the warzone


Temper like a old dad who lost his kids
Lester'd be the first to spaz out and slap you with
Headlocked the bitch, spit in the mouth while she screaming
Tie her to the cross in the church and write "Demon" in blood
On her titties, no remorse for life
He wild for the night, son, gun and knife
Living trife reckless, hang a man by his necklace
Then mail it to his family with blood still on it
Few black roses, maybe a finger or two
He out to be the King of New York
And he gon' do exactly what he put his mind to
He a crimeboy, he's diligent
Silverback gorilla and he's killing it
Ruthless, this man reminds me of myself
Tony Starks, the King obsessed with wealth and power
Built for the takeover
Rearrange your whole damn face
You need a makeover


Pushing for the King of New York, I see it
Gangsters try so hard but can't be it
Only one could rise above all the rust
And I got faith in my man, Lest
Take down the King's throne
Conquer the warzone




Ghostface: Let me - let me hold that
Raekwon: One for you; one for me
Two for you; one-two for me
Ghostface: What?!
Raekwon: Three for you
Ghostface: Nigga get - get the
Raekwon: What?
U-God: Fuck out of here with all that shit
Ghostface: Smack fire out your fucking ass. Man, what the fuck you think this is man? Get the fuck up out of here man
Raekwon: Chill, chill. So, yo, matter of fact: the man is back
Ghostface: Stick this man head out over a fucking fire!
Raekwon: Shit, alright. This ain't even enough bread right here. This ain't enough
Ghostface: Fuck that man, yo
Raekwon: We going to shoot right over there. And, yo, them niggas got the big cream over there; just chill
U-God: Alright, let's get this cash, and move nigga
Raekwon: Spark it, right out the tropical, kid
Ghostface: Alright, don't play me like I got a flowerpot head kid
Raekwon: Just chill man
{*loading clip*}
Raekwon: On the real, man. Just chill: Let's go get this money fast son; I know how we got to do this, kid
{*gunshots*}
Raekwon: ... you know trust this
Ghostface: Alright, scrungy-head motherfuckers


Lay on the crime scene, sipping fine wines, pulling nines on
UFOs taking they fly clothes, they eyes closed
We getting loot, no doubt, check the word of mouth
Unheard about, guns go off, and now I murder route
I'm out, my raps play the part, like a Get Smart secret agent
In a maze and style's blazing
Johnny Blaze and Tony Starks in a daze and
And Rhyming, my nigga Lou Diamond with Robert F
We like Meth to go and fuck with Noodles
Having them poodles on the lockdown, buying me
Amarettos and chewables, smacking pharmecuetical
Rap niggas on dust and woos
Yo, I told you, some killed, robbed and fold
The goal's untold, fuck it, it beats parole
So stroll marvelous, soul controller of the whole globe
Goddamn I got it sewn and yo
What up wop? Pop the suitcase high and we can talk
You can walk out the fucking building and get caught
Save the fully inflatable, rap relatable
Drug relatable, niggas here to play with you
A hundred dollar Rottweiler, go to spot sellers
Guns and Glocks for them niggas who got props
Off top jail niggas get mad bigger and yo
Mail a guy about a hundred pictures
Word to mama, this rap wonder rhymer team got drama
Comma, blunt smoke real ass marijuana
Chef Maranzano boats across the Verrazano
Immaculate, bust off my gun's so accurate
And get cream in the cuisine of Queens
I told you Money skated with night beams and two rings


Crazy fag, I'm getting ready to do this shit
(Sniff mad shit)
Man, niggas know not to step on this shit


Who's the knucklehead, wanting respect?
Chop his fingers in the drug game, Money well known
Lead singer, humdinger, flash is the aftermath, here's his photograph
Run up in his lab, take off the mask Chas and think fast
Don't laugh, bag the cash, grab the hash, don't forget his stash
Grab the tear gas and place it in his face fast
At full blast {*Car zooming by*}
Then skate to the next gate further upstate
I heard they got crazy weight, bagged up by the cakes in
Crates like disco breaks, yo look out for Jakes
Give it all it takes, let's burn the place before we motivate
Yo, Blake, niggas don't fake, rape his mate
If the bitch scream, for God's sake grab the grey tape
It's by the plate with the blow crushed up with the flakes
Killer snakes, four bodies found floating in lakes
Drug related paper talking about the kids who didn't make it
Hits without a trace, never seen the bricks, see Rae and Ghostface
Congratulations Chef, let's celebrate and sniff an eighth

{*Inaudible conversation*}


The rap star is born
Rap Parmesan, put it on, seal it on
We're silicone, spark it on your talkathon
This rap phenomenon, two corresponds
Took the arms, hit me on the hip and horns, rap chaperone
Scars tone, bars thrown, war tones, raw tones
Blowing out the door, bones, but
Your raps is fraudulent, plug in these rap coordinates
Is reinforced with suspense, be on your rap sword defense
These microphone professional, sensational
Fully operational, I got niggas here to play with you
You know the steez, you know my whole program
Brothers from the no-lands, all we want is the Gs, guns and grams
Living fat like the Hoffa, mafia, sipping, eating pastas
Laying in the house telling the seeds about the sagas
Before we got dramatic and thoughts got sporadic
We grabbed golden tablets and quick guarded the Abbots
Slugs hit the Pelle, put tokes into the belly
Suckers tried to knock me out the box like Skelly
I smoke the weed trees, I drop top to the breeze
Honey dip spending G's on nails and hair weave
The crime boss, taking no loss, excessive force
We can play the A-Train back of the iron horse


Raekwon: Yo, man, you know what I'm saying?
Ghostface: Fuck it man

{*Tire screech*}
{*crash*}




Yo Lord did you peep that
That nigga pussy, that's why I'm gon' eat that
Live and direct, five Tec's, med hat
Hugh Hef' rows, bang on that out of town nigga coz he UFO
Patiently press upon him
Ask him, "who you know? where you from?
What's up Duke?" Watch how you pop ya gum
Empty ya pockets'fore the cops come
When I bus take off past the light that ass better Run
An' don't look back (no), hide if you have to
Dollar vans, just Run into boats if he have to
Even got a .38, don't give me no hastle
When that little brown book in your pocket read Mathew's
Jesus Christ, brothers around here stick together like cheap rice
So Run little doggy, wolves is comin'
Tell him London, he get done in
Flame boy to his brains, hangin' out his onion



"Your kung fu is good!

Your magic is good!
That is why he waited, so all my power would dwindle
My power has diminished
Then he come to kill me!
Yes, but

I know your kung fu is still very good
If you practice again
No-one could possibly be your match!

Oh, the ancient weapon!


Fierce, I travel across seas on glaciers
Fought shoguns and got fucked by geishas
Still gracious, still able to spit out darts
Just grew tougher skin for swimming
With the sharks. Broken ankle
Fucking with the wallabee clarks
Got them bitches still screaming my name
"Waddup Starks?" I'm a bone-crusher
Ox'll split your face like a Dutch Master
No more mixes - polar bears from Alaska
With sharkskin Air Max's and igloos of ice
Rocks clumped up like overcooked rice
I'm nice, you the reason why the game went soft
Bland niggas I come through and season your broth
Like Mr. Dash, I blast, I'm a Menace like Dennis
Young Ghost, in the bathroom a 6-month sentence
Rehabilitated, back in the yard, flying heads
With barbed wires, stay tying niggas to beds


Everybody get paid
Everybody get laid
All these bitches dirty
Everybody got AIDS
Everybody get played
Everybody get sprayed
Everybody do what I say
Everybody my maid
P - crack-selling black felon
That clap "rat tat tat tat tat" melons
Some thugs - one gun, one slug
Shot-caller, like "yo let me speak to young Mugs"
Listen, it's Mandela, pa
I grab wack emcees, I smack em hella-hard
I kill niggas with the birdy blick banger
My Wu-Tang niggas call me the 36th Chamber
"Lyrical miracle spiritual" rap dudes
Get smacked off their skateboard for not paying rap dues
P - call me the gatekeeper
Break heaters on your face, smoking laced cheeba


She want a thug, not the lawyer-type
A golden boy employed to promote and write
Sort of like an ill De La Hoya fight
I'm eating good, enjoying life
Flawless ice, with the bag of flawless white
With no strings attached, pull this might
Toy with my S550 with the raw pipe
Peeling off like snakeskin
Watch the cobra bite
Overnight success story
Going jet for me, you rep Wally
That's why your cassette's corny
Your money too short for long convo
You in the game hurting, tryna play
Rajon Rondo. Millionaire swag
Peep your boys ensemble
Jewels heavy, Prince Akeem, coming to America, et cetera
Whoever said the kite is a messenger
Cause I think like the man behind a register
Quick to pull the toaster out
Stomp, choke em out. We over here
Counting Bread, what you loaf about?




*phone rings 6 times*
Yeah... I don't know, that bitch bugged out and shit
She fuckin' other niggas
("Hello?", "Hey!") Hey ("Who was you up last night?")


Yo, she didn't pick up, guess she was gettin' her clit ate up
I let it ring a whole bunch of times, before I hung up
Now mind you, I just got finished diggin' her out
With my boxers on, and I had my joint in her mouth
Gaggin' and shit, lookin' down at the bitch, laughin'
I'm about to smash that pussy like baby Aspirins
I'm fuckin' her, like I had feelings for the bitch
I caught feelings for the bitch, fuck in Pretty Tone's whip
If I wasn't whipped, why I keep givin' up my dick
Like it's voodoo on the kid, I keep suckin' on her clit
From the bed to the bathroom, Toney dickin' her down
Sweatin' bullets like we in the ring, goin' some rounds
Miss Lucy, eatin' sushi, playin' with her cucci
On some Lil' Kim shit, tattoo right up on her booty
That said "Bet you five beans, you can't even move me"
Know how to work the pussy muscles when your dick is in that cootie
That's right, yeah her nookie's the bomb
She had niggas wrapped around her middle finger, like the female Fonz
But anyway know what, I'mma call her again
Dododododododo, if she diss me, I'mma fuck up her Benz

"Hello?"
"Hey woman, this is the second time I've called you!"
"So what?"


I decided to update my crew..
Partyin' hard and stayin' on the move..
Playin' it cool, takin' it as they come..
Not rushin' into love with anyone
Last night changed it all.... I really had a ball
Last night changed it all.... I really had a ball


Damn, nigga, stop fuckin' touchin' me
(Come on, ma, I thought you had an ant on your leg)
Man, you know I ain't have no fuckin' ant on me
{This nigga Starks got ants in his car!}
(Muthafucka! You got ants in your mouth, bitch!)
*Aiyo, Tone, aiyo, Tone, watch the way you drivin', man
It's snowin' right now!* (Muthafucka, I got it, nigga I got it!)
*Your drinkin' and drivin' and shit*
(Muthafucka.. give me another shot of that goose
I mean come on, give me some more Goose nigga!)
*Aiyo son sweatin' bullets back here and shit, g*
Yo roll the window down, yo, he bowling ball head, he bowling ball head
(Yo, aiyo, I nigga, thrown over my shit)
Man, fuck that shit, Starks who the fuck record over it
(Yo listen, baby, I camp real slow right now) Man fuck this
Muthafucka we in the Bronx, man! Be quiet, yeah you right (hold on, hold on)
Oohh shit... that's that Theodore shit right here, g!




*phone rings 6 times*
Yeah... I don't know, that bitch bugged out and shit
She fuckin' other niggas
("Hello?", "Hey!") Hey ("Who was you up last night?")


Yo, she didn't pick up, guess she was gettin' her clit ate up
I let it ring a whole bunch of times, before I hung up
Now mind you, I just got finished diggin' her out
With my boxers on, and I had my joint in her mouth
Gaggin' and shit, lookin' down at the bitch, laughin'
I'm about to smash that pussy like baby Aspirins
I'm fuckin' her, like I had feelings for the bitch
I caught feelings for the bitch, fuck in Pretty Tone's whip
If I wasn't whipped, why I keep givin' up my dick
Like it's voodoo on the kid, I keep suckin' on her clit
From the bed to the bathroom, Toney dickin' her down
Sweatin' bullets like we in the ring, goin' some rounds
Miss Lucy, eatin' sushi, playin' with her cucci
On some Lil' Kim shit, tattoo right up on her booty
That said "Bet you five beans, you can't even move me"
Know how to work the pussy muscles when your dick is in that cootie
That's right, yeah her nookie's the bomb
She had niggas wrapped around her middle finger, like the female Fonz
But anyway know what, I'mma call her again
Dododododododo, if she diss me, I'mma fuck up her Benz

"Hello?"
"Hey woman, this is the second time I've called you!"
"So what?"


I decided to update my crew..
Partyin' hard and stayin' on the move..
Playin' it cool, takin' it as they come..
Not rushin' into love with anyone
Last night changed it all.... I really had a ball
Last night changed it all.... I really had a ball


Damn, nigga, stop fuckin' touchin' me
(Come on, ma, I thought you had an ant on your leg)
Man, you know I ain't have no fuckin' ant on me
{This nigga Starks got ants in his car!}
(Muthafucka! You got ants in your mouth, bitch!)
*Aiyo, Tone, aiyo, Tone, watch the way you drivin', man
It's snowin' right now!* (Muthafucka, I got it, nigga I got it!)
*Your drinkin' and drivin' and shit*
(Muthafucka.. give me another shot of that goose
I mean come on, give me some more Goose nigga!)
*Aiyo son sweatin' bullets back here and shit, g*
Yo roll the window down, yo, he bowling ball head, he bowling ball head
(Yo, aiyo, I nigga, thrown over my shit)
Man, fuck that shit, Starks who the fuck record over it
(Yo listen, baby, I camp real slow right now) Man fuck this
Muthafucka we in the Bronx, man! Be quiet, yeah you right (hold on, hold on)
Oohh shit... that's that Theodore shit right here, g!




Yeah, son, it's the Einstein Theodore theory, street philosphy
Step foot on our block, there's no way possibly
Guns too big for you, to ever try stoppin' me
Talk out your mouth, you better speak properly


Aiyo, first of all, you ain't worth to brawl
And my fifth, call it the gift, when I curse you all
See I'm a soldier, look at my ranks
On the block, we got that water bubblin' like we cookin' up franks
This is Trife Diesel, get familiar with the name
I'm here, to stay for a while, so steel it in your brain
My guerrillas'll bang, we are the Planet of the Apes
Clips as long as bananas, throw them hammers in your face


From the land of the pushers, hustlers and handlers
With military, heavyweight standers
Cameras on the cannons, move amongst hoes and gamblers
Empties on my project balconies
My guns vow for me, my bitch count for me
I'm royalty, motherfucker gon' bow to me
20-04, vampires that'll rip off your neck
And eat your garlic, murder, from New York to Charlotte
It'll beat a nigga down like Sonny Carlton, when he ran through a gauntlet


Yo, my plate never pork, I sink deep into minds where you can't talk
Cough it up, bitch, I shine like Chinaware
Shine like the box in the live ball player amped
Fuck Mike Jordan, it's P-Tone in the air
Pullin' over NARCs with mad coke stashed in the spare
Guns and all that, the NARCs said, why you dipped in all black
Said, I'm comin' from a funeral, y'all boys can fall back


It's Wiganomics, I drop like a brick in the third
And y'all fruit cake niggas think my style's absurd
Only the birds I blow back, Staten Island super gat
Talk is pork, I get that money then stupid stack
Theodore, we state of the art, you wanna keep that
Chain around your neck, you better play your part
Cuz ain't a damn thing sweet, like the Wonka Factory
This the Enterprise/Theodore shit, you no match for me




I flip goods like a stock trader(Get money!)
We gon' rush the floor, we attack like Al-Qaeda
Suicide missionary, black activist
Nice with the tongue, I'm a verbal type masochist
Tall body, my skin got Teflon fibers
Dodge bullets, rock chains the size of barbed wires
Rolled Big Pun, a whole ounce of reefer
Rock that black and yellow before Wiz Khalifa
It's a Killah- B color scheme
I blow mega cream
Been Ghostface before Scream, know what I mean?
Like Billie Jean, lighting up the floor when I walk
This is Staten Island, New York
'87 Cheeba Hawk
No pork, no swine on the rider
If your chick loose or tighter, I'mma still get inside her
Rebel porn star, thick like dick swelling then
Beat the pussy up, leave it soft like gelatin


(What the hell is going on here?)
(M-m-m-man I'm not playing, I kick the rough shit)
(Say what?)
(I--I-I-I'm n-n-not playing)
(Direct from the Shaolin Slum, here I come)
(Right now I'm teaching school)
(There it is you're fucking with pros and there it goes)
(You don't wanna get too close to that man, you about to get cut up)


You know the MO, could never be in limbo
No lie, I rather die fore I cough up info
Boss shit, intro, horse dick, nympho
Smooth on the chicks like a Robin Thicke Tempo
In-point flow, make your bottom bitch En Vogue
Soft cushion insoles stroll on tracks
In the back of the car when they told on Plat
Plaques on plaques, got racks on racks
So no need to ask why he act "All That"
King Congac got a thing for them Gats
A Hades offspring, I'm a fiend for them facts
Swing on the map, overseas with the G's
South Cackalack trying to squeeze me some cheese
Pleased on the d's when they telled on the pipe
Around the same time I excelled on the mic
The name "AZ" rings bells on site




I take money like a pool shark, put the eighth in my right pocket
Hella-cool dude and I won't hesitate to pop it
Still a rude dude, try to replicate my doctrine
Roll with mad killers, my niggas regulate the projects
I'm hard body, I keep it John Gotti
You keep it Bon Jovi, you wear thongs probably
Nigga you fucking with a sick puppy
We fill up in this bitch, it's about to get ugly
Guns sent you a hug, but ya'll should already know
My affiliation of wolves could trip you to the globe
I'm worlwide with it for sure
You better check or get laced up from the face up and left off
We don't just do it, we do it to death
Pay some respect, some shit will go real when you rap
The realness, we spit this, Killah B Kill
Shit I still Killah B Kill, should of never concealed it






All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know


Yo, boo, let's cut the crap, you know we like each other
I been wanting you bad, yo, that's word to my mother
I know you got a man, and I'm involved
But we can play this right, if we shuffle the cards
I've been wanting you for mad years, when the elevators broke
I run and help you with your bags upstairs
I was scoping you out, today you was late, to leave by 8
With no time to be at work at 9
She'll be back by 6, son pissed you off, I know
When I spoke, yo, you didn't say shit
But still, you was looking mad cute to me
With your lips poked out, being rude to me
You're still sexy, luscious, and all them words
Only girl in the building with a full length fur
Had no choice to raise and press up, explain how I feel
It's only your love I want the best of




I had a dream, yo, I seen you on the laundry mat
Folding your clothes by the dryer, my drawers is wet
So you passed me a Bounce, one fell when I bend down
And got up, you start tonguing me down
Butterflies ran across my stomach
Didn't wanna put the fire out, cuz God damn, I love it
Moved the basket out the way, cleared the table
Laid you down, my mouth slid past your navel
Your feet, had knocked over the Clorox bleach
Held my head closer to you when my tongue got deep
I'm saying we both of those, this how I feel
If you don't want a part of me, it's no big deal
But ma, I'm not here to game you, babe, I'm going on vibes
Somewhere inside, I know you feel the same
It's alright tho, you look like, you know how to get it
Here take my keys, come upstairs in a minute




Let's stop faking, let's just go get naked
No more discussion, we can get to kiss and hugging
My premonition, told me I got what you're missing
So let's stop playing, baby girl, that's all I'm saying






I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin


Ay yo Im back blowing dust off the vinyl
I got twelve more reasons to die, snap your spinal
Selling contracted killer with the promise of life
I hope you murder them Delucas for killing your wife
Just leave Logan and the boy, Ill destroy their whole entourage
Blow up the cars in their garage, leave them cripple
The almighty Ghost and Lester Kane
Soon to be one in the same
We insane


I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin


Lets unify and formulate a plan
Shut em down in the worst way
But first we have to annihilate everything attached to him
Mother and fathers, brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles
No one should survive this wicked war killers
Moulin Rouge models that bust pistols like Priscilla
Soon as they blow your whistle they quick to send you a missile
Down one hundred proof vodka burning your chest like kerosene
Now stop these niggas currency until they see no cream


I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin


So its agreed, I'ma take your body and flesh
A human walking the earth and nothing less
Revenge is avenged when the family is diminished
You gonna rise to the heavens when our mission is finished
Ima enjoy this the second time around as a chum
I wanna brutalize and torture; cause nothing but harm
Ring the alarm, throw up the flag, rise the syndicate
Delucas reign is over at the top, we put an end to it


I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
I resurrect him, summon the killah
The almighty G.F.K. lets begin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin
Let the record spin




Seeking assistance to help eradicate those responsible for the murder of his family
Lester plays one of the records
Summoning the spirit of Ghostface Killah right before his eyes
Lester plees the Ghostface to help him
Ghostface offers Lester the use of his power
But only if he agrees to relinquish his body and soul
Once the ghastly deed is complete
Lester makes the deal
A deal
For his life




With Lester Kane's revenge complete
There's only one thing left to do
Logan begs him to stop, but Lester does not listen
He puts the gun to his head, and pulls the trigger
Killing himself with honor
Seconds before Lester's final breath escapes his body
Ghostface becomes consumed by a diabolical revelation
Inhabit the flesh of his young son, and he could live as a reincarnated Tony Starks


Ayo fuck it, I'm taking the soul of my son
Live through the eyes of my young
We gon' rule, conquer, pillage and destroy
Bulletproof shit, blast through alloys
But first things first bitch you fuck with the worst
Logan, I'm about to quench ya thirst
Put two to your head, leak brainial fluid
(No please! Starks, don't do it!)
Bang bang, no more time for compassion
My reactions to your action: Satisfaction
No more DeLucas, the rise of a new day
Hey, hey, Mr. GFK
The rhymes of the black suits no longer play
I'm avenged, a proud man walking the Earth
Satisfied with my kills and my life's a rebirth
So live long, and long live the illest
Twelve Reasons to Die, Ghostface Killah


As thunder strikes, and the clouds smother the full moon
The soul of Tony Starks' son is cast into an abyss of fog
And the spirit of Ghostface Killah reascends into his body
Becoming a human inferno of vengeful rage
Logan screams in terror, as she realizes her fate
The possessed boy begins stabbing her, again, again, and again
Now standing alone, blade in his hand, he grins at triumph
*sighs* the sweet taste of revenge
Lester Kane and Tony Starks were nothing more than kindred spirits
Separated by time and space, but bonded together by violence and death
A touch of fate brought these two souls together
But for one of them, the ultimate price was paid
This is not the last we'll ever hear of Tony Starks
Actuality, this is a new beginning
Tony Starks was once a man, and became a demon
But now lives again, in the flesh and blood
Of the Ghostface Killah




One two, one two, one two, one two
So you wanna start up, what we gonna tear shit up?
I said let the turntables talk for me at first
And then I should finish the rest


Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what)
Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what)
Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what)
Deeeeeeeeeeeeeee


Aiyo, what up? Aiyo, what's poppin' and shit
Yo, this your man, Ghost Deini and shit, Trife Diesel on the side
Money Come First, Theodore Unit, aiyo, son blind these niggas
Throw bleachin'


Aiyo, aiyo, what's poppin' out in Stapleton Park, hoppin' the V's
Call Ghost, special invited host, bring through the seeds
Sun beamin' like a hundred degrees, yo Tone!
Hurry up, get your ass in the truck, it's time to leave


Hold on, I gotta polish my ring, throw on my Clarks
And you know, I can't iron man garments, without the stars, just
Double park, give me ten minutes or less
I overslept, my bitch left, and my crib is a mess

*scratches and talk*
"If you not down, you not an M.C. or a D.J., off the stage"


It's the Theodore event, so they blocked off the streets
And we came here to chill, but the cops wanna beef
Little kids, shootin' hoops on the court, playin' horse
All the young bucks, rocking new gear, try'nna floss


Say no more, let's motivate Trife, throw on your poker face
Spin around the block one time, so we can scope the place
Yeah, it's lookin' lavish, and the scene looks wonderful
Pockets full of trees, and my shit look colorful


We got the X-Men spinnin', on the one's and two's
No drugs, no violence, leave home the guns and tools
And the grill's just cookin' up chicken and steak
And greedy ass Uncle Ronnie, yo, he lickin' the plate


Ladies and gentlemen, we got Black Thought in the house tonight
Yo, he just came from off tour, and I think he wanna spit something, yo!


Yo, we X-Ecute 'em, with the rapid fire, pealin' your face off
Sprayin' up the party, from the ceiling with napalm
Shots follow the target, I ain't gon chase ya'll
Swinging aluminum bats, that's not for baseball
It's humor, the way ya'll makin' me laugh
I'm like a, natural born hustler, gotta get that cash
The way a natural born, freak, gotta shake that ass
And anybody wanna eat, gotta break that fast
A million crabs in a barrel, try'nna make they splash
Break away fast, nice brother's finish in last
It don't, matter the speakers, or the hammers can blast
To handle your ass, frontin', I'mma take your stash
And twist it, and bake the whole, projects biscuits
This kid is a trendsetter, ya'll just misfits
Black Thought, I've been better, ya'll just forgettin' shit
Now it's a life or death predicament
I step in with a vendetta, then start spittin' shit
Then spit game, that's ridiculous, ya'll muthafuckas insignificant
I'm three fifty seven, magnificent
Stay playin', where them bad bitches is, you feelin' tonight
You know they feelin', let the semi automatic bend
They fend to have 'em in the ghetto, goin' at it, man
They bring it to your block, have it like Pakistan
Philly boys bringin' noise, makin' wild static, then
We trick cops, even jump out vans, and leave you
Sprayed out, stiffer than a mannequin stance
You get, laid out, clapped with mechanical hands
That kick back, cuz, you and your mans'll get zapped
Just keep, thinkin' my peoples, and peoples'll toy with
A cold blooded kill shit, and keep on doin' it
Cuz that's my pleasure, that's the people's enjoyment
Gangsta's holla at me, if you seekin' employment




Bad as in good, good as in hood
Evil lurks in the shadow, I wish a nigga would


Ayo, New York, New York, big city of dreams
But some dreams get flushed out and turned to the fiends
By all means it's 24 hours of work
Some niggas got that Sour D and some got dirt
Some is out to bust they heat and some just squirt
Some bitches can shake they asses, some can't twerk
You got Times Square square times, they got lame rhymes
This is Ghost shit, I fuck rats and dimes
These signs are so vivid, the street lights are blaring
You got filthy rich and greedy niggas you ain't sharing
Five boroughs, bitches of all flavors
Crooked cops locking my peoples behind cages
Wrecking agents, The Diamond District
Body bags are all stacked up as another statistic
Dirty water dogs or Morton's Steakhouse fillets
Staten Island, New York, I love my Shaolin ways


Evil thoughts can lead to some positive energy
New York, New York, the baddest place of the century
Bad as in good, good as in hood
Evil lurks in the shadow, I wish a nigga would
Positive thoughts can lead to some negative energy
New York, New York, the baddest place of the century


Salute! Most of the livest dudes is dead
Some folks being polite, some rude instead
The melting pot is overflowing with lead
In the winter is brick, the summertime is like a sweltering hotbed
Manhattan keeps on making, shaking fake tits and bacon bits
Put it on a ritz for shaking glitz in the snake pit
Bootleg bags off Canal is bogus cow skin
You might just see the Rikers Island bus go past every now and then
Thousands of skeletons found under ground zero
Hundreds of years old remains of the brown negro
Built on the backs of immigrants in search of a better life
But all they get is credit as stress and debt as strife
Or read your rights, dead wrong or dead right
Every night, zombie staring, deer stuck in the headlights
Up in Harlem, got that work
Come and get De Nada Pinata and get jerked


Bad as in good, good as in hood
Evil lurks in the shadow, I wish a nigga would



"Still water.. still water..."


Holla at this nigga Starks, real fast
Try to get him on the phone
See if he gon' come out and fuck with the fellas, tonight
This nigga never answer his phone though
Answer the phone, bro, pick up


What up, Tone? It feel good to see your boy back home
Call up the coolest, hit the club and take shots of Patron
I'mma snatch Du and tell Wigs to holla at Vel
I tried to reach out to Bean but I think he lost his cell
You know a party ain't a party without, Bugs and Gritty
It's been a while since Staten Island crushed the city
I know you heard what 50 did to Officer Ricky
God damn, what a pity, that boy was looking silly
I'mma get dressed and kill 'em with the baby blue mink
With the matching maury's you bought me, when you was with Bink
I hit you back right after I clean my jewels in the sink
And brink the toast cuz you know I act a fool when I drink
So please answer your jack, just don't leave me hanging flat
And I forgot to tell you, son, you sound banging on them tracks
So fuck it, let's meet up at the gas station
I tried to have patience, for real, Starks, don't have me there waiting


Come on, Trife, he right, it been a while since we hung out
But I ain't gonna go if ya'll niggas decide to dumb out
Remember that time when niggas had to pull the guns out?
And Big Den almost ripped this clown nigga tongue out
Even though he asked for it, that shit could of been avoided
Paparazzi was out and my name could of got exploited
Here's the deal, I'mma go ahead and finish my meal
And wait for C to call so we can talk about his appeal
Take a shower, get dressed and throw on my Gucci machs
You see Shy, tell his ass to stay out of the loosy spot
Cause it's hard on Todd G, you know how the narcs be
Oh shit, I forgot my bitch took my car keys
So check it, don't even sweat it, I'mma snatch the two seater
And leave these haters sick like they caught the flu fever


Nah, Tone, I'll drive, I got the double extra Danali
Been sitting at the crib with them plates from Cali
And them two full bottles of that pure white Hennessey
Few ounces of sour, then we can blow endlessly


The nights on me, don't even reach in your pocket
I put twenty straight on the number and hit the jackpot


Yo, Trife, what's up with Kryme and Tommy Whispers?
Been thinking bout bringing Johnny Mack and some misfits
We ball up, hit the mall up, drink some screwface
Goons is muscle, son, the hoes with walls up


Yo, what up with the Lord?


He gon' stop for a drink
And Vel picking up Du, son, they blowing that stink
It's a Theodore event, we gon' party all night


And watch Cappa show up


Don't put nothing past Donnamite




Don't be surprised, when you see me 'round town
Walking around, with my head hung down
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
And don't be surprised, if you see me on the train
Like a homeless man, who's lost his way
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely


On this cold pavement, I feel like laying
In the middle of the street, and just saying
I can't take it, I won't make it
Too much weight on my shoulders, and my kids are getting older
For so long, I've been so strong
I've been crying all week since you've been gone
And as the tears roll out my eyes
Another happy young couples walks by




Someone been sleeping in my bed, eating my food
Using my soap, laying up in my pool
Walking around in his boxers, like every thing's cool
Gassing my chick for the whip, dropping her off at school
Under my covers and changing my channels
Playing my CD's in my robes, another man's burning my candles
My cologne's half way gone, a fake don, my wiz fell for
Now she strolls the park under his arm
This is my fault, I've never thought I'd see this coming
From the outside bugging, with crazy knots in my stomach
Say what goes around, comes around, now I know it now
Now I'm the fool looking in while it's going down
If somebody would of told me, I might be lonely
Now it's on me, baby call me please




Now he's getting all my kisses, stroking my loving
That 'posed to be me, but I was too stupid and stubborn
Like a piece of rope, I let it go, my mother said it so
You better straighten up, don't act like you didn't know
Her birthday came, heard she was hugged up, wearing his chain
Play in the sky box, at some bullshit Knick game
My son said, daddy, he like his eggs well done
And he kinda cool, mommy happy, I can't front
He take us on trips and clothes shopping, most of the time
We watch flicks on your surround sound, he watch boxing
You better go beg or something, before she go love him
He's taking your spot, cuz you was dissing mommy, you bugging
They don't argue, he sent her flowers for no reason
She's cheesing, I'm wishing you could come back and see this






Yeah, I said too much again
Yeah, I pushed too hard again
And I wanna start, but when
Always lose it in the end
Stupid once again
You wanna be my friend
And I'll push too hard again
Always lose it in the end
I don't know
How I can let you go
How will I let you go


Yo, yo
I keep my guards up
When it comes to the women
Told you that
Ever sice the beginning
That's why I stand close
Down to white women
Cause young girls are crazy
These are my limits
I can't let you go
And you know that
I can't see another man
Trying to blow that
That's crittical
Love starts hurting me
Doctor Winslow said I need therapy
Torment, Misery
It's killing me physically
Why murder me legally
A love you can first leave
So I'm a close my eyes
And just pretend
Cause word on the street's
I'm a lose it in the end


Yeah, I cared too much again
You stand to hard to care
And this must be a sin
Always lose it in the end
"Just chill out" is what you said
"Take a pill and go to bed"
No matter, how or when
I always lose it in the end
I don't know
How I can let you go
How will I let you go


I know what way to go when it
Comes to the ladies
Cause things ain't changed
Since the early eighties
A few things first
I'm still picking them crazies
You wanna battle a court
Like Kim and Slim Shady
I ain't having that
No, I ain't having that
You just trying to get rich
Like Miramax
Forced my hand
Girl, to let you know
Because you know what starts
It's real unnatural


Yeah, I said too much again
Yeah, I pushed too hard again
And I wanna start, but when
Always lose it in the end
Stupid once again
You wanna be my friend
And I'll push too hard again
Always lose it in the end
I don't know
How I can let you go
How will I let you go






First I love God, then love my mother
Love my babies, sisters and brothers
Love my father cause that's my mom's partner
Love my grandmother and my grouchy ass grandfather
Love my aunties on both sides of the family
Uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews
Mess with my peoples you get stepped to
Love the mother of my children, them girls is special
Love feels good though we stuck in the hood
Love my last album, though the joint went wood
My mans and my enemies, I love them too
Love God he let me see past thirty-two
Plus what he gave Wu
A chance to change music just listen, you and I know the truth
Love is essential, to some it's detrimental
Mostly when you use the next person as a rental


Love, lift us up, (higher) take us higher (high)
Blossom every ghetto flower (oh Love yeah)
Cos Love, only Love has the heat and the power
And we can never live without
Love, Love, Love


Love life, the ground we walk on
My sickness, it made me strong
My loved ones in Heaven
The ones we lost, to heroin
Malcolm, Martin, and what they stood for, them men had it poppin'
Love the sun when rain drops in, cozy nights with my pumpkin
Love my hell and my struggle
You gotta go through Hell to come out right, Love conquers pain and the puzzle
Funny on how Love could end so subtle
Was it just sex and not really Love for the couple?
Love people, Love the fact when there's a baby bein' born
Like "push girl, come on"
I'm not just sayin' that cause BET's on
We is one, one Love, each one, teach one






Think you gotta keep me iced, you don't
Think I'm gonna spend your cash, I won't
Even if you were broke
My love don't cost a thing
Think I wanna drive your Benz, I don't
If I wanna floss, I got my own
Even if you were broke
My love don't cost a thing


Ghostface, dollar, dollars


When you rolled up in the Escalade
Saw that dub you gave to the valet
Knew that it was game when you looked at me
Pulling up your sleeve so I could see the Rollie bling
Saw you later in the corner booth
Raising up a toast so I would notice you
But you're hard to miss, think you ought to know
Doesn't really matter if you're balling out of control


All that matters is
That you treat me right
Give me all the things I need
That money can't buy yeah




Eh-yo ma' you always kept it real
You been had a Benz way before I got this deal
I know its not about the money, the ropes or the missed stones
The leather, platinum rings and summer b-tones
They say we fled from the cameras, boo
Plus they found a hammer and ordered to trap me off
They must question you, say Jenny, shh, look me dead in my eyes
You tellin me that I don't love you boo, that wouldn't be wise
We whine in the best cuisines, Italian restaurants
Big lobster dishes wit Trump, this how come I feel for you
Sweetheart I'll kill for you
Shockin secrets revealed and my will goes to you
So stop all the yellin, Jennifer calm down
We need classed, guidance counsellors to calm us down
A grown man and stand as a man of my word
You see here? Look at her, all these bitches is birds




Eh-yo ma', you know you the realest
It's real right now, ya heard?
It's like they ain't got nothin to kill right now
It's like e'rything gon' be a'ight
You watch and see


You think the money that you make
Can substitute the time you take
To get the keys into my heart
Think you can win my heart
Don't know what's in my heart (I got it ma')
I think you need to take some time (Indeed)
To show me that your love is true (It is)
There's more than dollar signs in you
Then you can win my heart, and get what's in my heart
(I got it ma', I got it ma')






Feelin' fresh, walkin' down the block
'Bout to see my boo, it's about 6 o'clock
Love is love, it'd been a long time comin'
9 long years, I know she missed my lovin'
Huggin', kissin' in the scent of the kid
She gonna fall out when she see me at the crib
Ding dong, can I speak to Bamboo?
It's me Penelope, stop actin' a fool
She said, "damn, I thought you was dead
Not a phone call? Not a card in the mail?"
For real a phone call? Stop
You know I had to up and leave
I told you I'll be back, girl, but you ain't believe
She told me 9 was too long, and she got a new man
One who gon' stay and hold it down for the fam
So scram, there's no more love for the kid
So I turned my head down and walked away from the crib


Loved so many times
I've been alone so long
Had to pull myself together
Find my heart a brand new home
Got a good thing goin' on
Can't let you mess with my flow
Too little, too late
Love don't live here no more
(Love is love, Tony's back up on the aisle)
(Gone for 9 years like 9 months to a child)
Cried so many times
(Where's my boo at? I need to see Bamboo)
(I got a lot of things on my mind, to explain to you)
Love don't live here no more
Love don't live here no more


It's like that?
Okay then where you put all my stuff at then?
You know, I thought, you know I swear he's, he been doin' this for too long
I done came home, you got another man, you know what


Oh word, so you over it? That's absurd
I never did a damn thing to deserved it
This is a man's world, I go away come home lookin' for you
Now you fuckin' up the plans, girl
You another man's girl, that ain't kosher
Once you see the kid's face you're supposed to
Drop what you're doin', show your loyalty and love
Step out on the porch with a kiss and a hug
Yo you buggin'




Just can't understand, you know. I treated you, I gave you everything you wanted. You know what I'm sayin'? And it's like you got another dude laying in the bed?
Wearin' my robes, wearin' you out
I know I was gone but damn, I just can't get it, baby
But I loved you though man, and I still do though




Just like a fresh pair of Royals on the first day of school
It was love, even from the jump I spoiled you
Before the fame camera cars and the glitter
Though my occupation is tasty for God's sake it came with the bitches
But that's on another note (uh-huh) let me explain here
Right now sugar on how I feel for you
Like when we UHH yo I get these crazy chills from you
And when we done, yo I know the perfect meal for you
The mashed joints, big onions on sauteed fish
Little Royal, candle and one big kiss
You my pumpkin and my 'nilla custard; you cussed me out
When you found condoms layin in my pocket I was busted
I gets right witchu (uh) form a life with you (yeah)
The type after sex get a warm rag and then wipe you
Hyped up love light it up, might bite you at the altar
I'm bitin off you, I'm wearin white too


Ain't it funny how tables turn, chase you all around
Change your life baby, cause I love you baby

 (+ ad libs)
Stuck with me through the thick and thin
Through the pain and strife.. the love of my life
Said that it will ne-ver last
But I'm here by your side.. the love of my life


And I'm here.. that's my word
Only fight you when we makin love, that's what I call it
Burnin the chronic we laughin while I'm shittin on the toilet
Camcord it, happy times record it; the time you asked me
For them blue Nike's - I was like, "Boo I can't afford it"
I was fucked up, plus I was stuck, Starks the King
Hit the block and still scraped up, eighty beans
How you like them apples? My technique is Taye Diggs
Your attitude is right that's why I made you my Wiz
The only girl that can make my shit jump, with the slightest touch
You at the stove while I'm grabbin my stuff
God forbid somethin happen to us
Let's remain and friends and discuss our troubles and might try again
Word to my Iron pen, it's not good to hold the cryin in
I feel the same way your heart's trapped in the lion's den
Iron Man, I am him
It's the beauty in our souls through Allah where the love lies within


Can't believe you found love in me, through everything
Held me down like my boys in the streets, here's the ring
Whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do?




Every part of me, every thing I've done
Is still there, still there, still care, ohhh
Always been there baby
I don't wanna, and I don't wanna cry no more baby
And I love, and I love and I love you girl

 (+ ad libs)




Just like a fresh pair of Royals on the first day of school
It was love, even from the jump I spoiled you
Before the fame camera cars and the glitter
Though my occupation is tasty for God's sake it came with the bitches
But that's on another note (uh-huh) let me explain here
Right now sugar on how I feel for you
Like when we UHH yo I get these crazy chills from you
And when we done, yo I know the perfect meal for you
The mashed joints, big onions on sauteed fish
Little Royal, candle and one big kiss
You my pumpkin and my 'nilla custard; you cussed me out
When you found condoms layin in my pocket I was busted
I gets right witchu (uh) form a life with you (yeah)
The type after sex get a warm rag and then wipe you
Hyped up love light it up, might bite you at the altar
I'm bitin off you, I'm wearin white too


Ain't it funny how tables turn, chase you all around
Change your life baby, cause I love you baby

 (+ ad libs)
Stuck with me through the thick and thin
Through the pain and strife.. the love of my life
Said that it will ne-ver last
But I'm here by your side.. the love of my life


And I'm here.. that's my word
Only fight you when we makin love, that's what I call it
Burnin the chronic we laughin while I'm shittin on the toilet
Camcord it, happy times record it; the time you asked me
For them blue Nike's - I was like, "Boo I can't afford it"
I was fucked up, plus I was stuck, Starks the King
Hit the block and still scraped up, eighty beans
How you like them apples? My technique is Taye Diggs
Your attitude is right that's why I made you my Wiz
The only girl that can make my shit jump, with the slightest touch
You at the stove while I'm grabbin my stuff
God forbid somethin happen to us
Let's remain and friends and discuss our troubles and might try again
Word to my Iron pen, it's not good to hold the cryin in
I feel the same way your heart's trapped in the lion's den
Iron Man, I am him
It's the beauty in our souls through Allah where the love lies within


Can't believe you found love in me, through everything
Held me down like my boys in the streets, here's the ring
Whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do?




Every part of me, every thing I've done
Is still there, still there, still care, ohhh
Always been there baby
I don't wanna, and I don't wanna cry no more baby
And I love, and I love and I love you girl

 (+ ad libs)




Where do I begin
To tell you all the things I feel when you're with me?
The day we met I knew I'd fall so easily
You must believe you're givin' everything I need
Never to much..


Snatched the Princess
Tricks keep searchin for the glass slipper
The first time the brides maid zipped the zipper
Then walked down the aisle, look at little pretty Roxanne's smile
That's right, she big head child
Spot the glass on the hand, white valor laying across the floor
Draggin' damn, she got a good man
Family in the back, one half on both sides of the church
Look at Keisha in the tight ass skirt
Mom Duke in the front row, Grandma Pearl sittin right next our row
Beside Uncle Joe, then right before her eyes
The preacher ask, "Would it to death do you part if one dies?"
She replies, "Yes", the winnin words that described best
Grandma pinned sittin 30 on the right breast
Now she searchin for the slob-down, the block's slick vitamin joint
Mad water in her eyes at this point
The man holdin the Bible announces, "You're married for life
Sign my cheque, peace to the bridal"
Recall this one girl's marriage, one girl's carriage
One with the lucky fingers, grab it, she attracted to magnet
She might have cracked the safe, seen the cabbage
Now it's one love in the tablet


How do I begin
To show you I love you anywhere, it ain't no sin?
This love will outlast time, I can't remember when
I thought I lost you but now that you're in my arms
Just say you'll stay


Cobra popped, a bottle of black Burgundy, coversated
I stared at your green eyes stagnated, your butter milk skin
You smelled good but you taste even better
Eye ball walk/talk was first on the agenda
I 'member the first time we engaged in the act, in the ac'
You jumped on my lap and pushed the seat back
Passionate thoughts, I knew you would be the wiz
Now you hold my kids, my divine little wiggs
The grand souflan cuz of your presence
So I'ma take it back to the essence just like Valentine presents
Long tongues and wet kisses, sex positions
Buy habista, siesta key, Florida visits
You exquisite young heart, I held you by afar, unchained
Our physical's 33 within the Range
Things have changed over the course of time
But you are mine, and I'm yours
I'm lookin forward to you after tours


How do I begin
To show you I love you anywhere, it ain't no sin?
This love will outlast time, I can't remember when
I thought I lost you but now that you're in my arms
Just say you'll stay
Lalalalala, whoa, whoa, whoa
Lalalalala, whoa, whoa, whoa
Lalalalala




You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You put me in line
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You put me in line


If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
What are you keeping score for?


Yo she fucked around and cut up my rhyme books to shreds
She caught me fucking her friend in our bed
I used to try to tell her to stop talking to the fellas
Come around with that short ass dress and soft melons
Zigliani shit the deed to the crib
Balenciaga wrist, a gift from the kid
But we stay beefing, boo with no brocolli
Everytime I come in the crib Im in the hot seat
Breaking all my watches gold plate Versace
You said you didnt mean that shit cause you was toxi
Probably argue everday as a hobby
We used to be like Claire and Bill Cosby
So what the hell we held hands on the regular
Writing I love you on napkins on the table love
Completion it depends on the season
Cause soon as June and July hit we beefin
Not speaking it increases
Feels like my love broke down to depletion
Then we get back together thats decent
Last week you keyed my Benz and thats recent


Shes bitchin Im bitchin
Shes switchin, Im switchin
Shes talkin Im not listenin
Im bitchin bout her in the kitchen


If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
What are you keeping score for?


Shes high maintenance
She lacks patience
But for her love, theres no replacement
Face to face, waist embrace, men chase the taste
And most will get sprung from the first engagement
I met her on a downtown street down east
Now it seems shes always around me
And her love has astounded me, bounded me
Theres no way I can break free
A servant to her will
Im a merchant to her field
I poured my heart out
And she let my love spill
Out on the floor the love changed the war
Both trying to win trying to claim the law
Infatuation morphed to fabrication
Passion kept alive through imagination
Opposite sides attract and collided
The collision was a bad decision
Two lovers trapped in one prison
Trying to separate like nuclear fission


Shes bitchin Im bitchin
Shes switchin, Im switchin
Shes talkin Im not listenin
Im bitchin bout her in the kitchen


If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
What are you keeping score for?
If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
If all is fair in love and war
You best secure your borders


You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You put me in line
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You coulda been mine but
You put me in line




Like a plague, dope and them pushers, they'll destroy us, it's gunna get worse


Yeah fam listen, I'm ambitious
I'll leave a man missing
Plain and simple, tickin' under his transmission
Did my first hit 12 years old, pants sliddin'
A little place in Coney Island called the clam kitchen
I walk right up on the table where I can't miss em
And his bodyguard coming out of the can pissin'
The two waiters serving plates stood in a trance, shivering
I carried out the damn mission, that's loyalty
No regrets anything less will destroy the peace
A boss is a boss learn to respect royalty
Run off with money get put down in the soil free
Now sit down and enjoy the feast, boys kapeesh
Been running here for 9 years
And believe me none of them kind years
I done lost about 9 peers
Crime career never find fear
Soulless eyes my guys got a blind stare


My intuition told me play my position and stay loyal
You ain't got to get your hands dirty, I'll do it for you
I grew up on the crime side, the New York time side
And gave up on everything when my moms died
Perfected my craft on rooftops and staircases
Pulled robberies with no mask showing my bare face
Keep it G, low key, and never ball out
Got with a sick ass clique and went all out
Gat for gat back to back we can brawl out
Hundred deep run up in Macy's and aired em all out
Just give the ordering my niggas will come
Give me your gun, point em out and consider it done
The streets fathered me, so I'm considered its son
Keep it real stay sucker free and the figures will come
Live by the gun and put my life on the line
Anybody can get left bullets right through your mind




Ayo
I'm like Malcolm out the window with the joint
Hoodied up blood in my eye, I let two fly
Like fuck it (2 gunshots), look how these niggas duck shit
One kid hollerin' what lookin' up, he the big wig
Fake ass cat, low life, sodomize mind
Beatin niggas, big bricks of bread sellin' mad dimes
His feet hurt, networkin' he get no work
Yo smack him where his hand hurt, fuck what he worth
Yo he sucked his thumb Slew footed kid laced with the pink gums
Stuntin to my Baltimore niggas that he on the run
Plus he ill on the drums, heartburn for life, calcium man
Watch him grab the Tums, he's a front
Pigeon toed Tyler's sister with the fat ass
Show hash for Hines up the block plus he smashed her
Big Buck did him something deadly, act premeditated
Buck 60 strike was the medley
Nice like Van Halen, seen him at the tunnel with his skin peelin
Did two days thought he was jailin
You get close, look at his hands
That's the same kid that cut his wrists, talkin' bout the cuffs did it
He bantam weight, frontin' majorly, eyes like Sammy Davis jr
Rounded off with a fade g, he sport the Bob Hope classics
Ran down Asics, Kmart, the short sleeve shit be the basics
He eat hams shitted on himself twice, big hatted Jews
Rushed the nigga out in Crown Heights


Yo let me tell you how the game go
We gettin rid of all the prostitutes
Tony wants the streets back fo sho
Too many hustlers, too many thieves
We're fuckin up who's willin to fight and teach the seeds
Too much TV, guns and robberies
Lust and greed and hate the 4 devils jealousy


Yo I-Cham punched Mase in his face over some bullshit
The other night they kidnapped his brother pokin it with knives
It's rainin', 85 degrees kinda muggy
One of the nights they thrown in his face it's real ugly
Yo we up in Jonesy's posin', all these niggas know me
From fuckin' wit Un and these niggas, heavy parolees
Yo we played the speaker
And from a distance we could see these chains
The P slayed, flat on his chest, was two plains
Ashy hands yo, no need for rings at all
He just cracked the V8 backed up, leaned against the wall
Lookin' flower, he just came home, he on like a fuck
Did a dime for holdin' up the guards up in the armored truck
Ten years later son 280 on the weight tip
He throwin up six plates plus he studied Matrix
He's a wally horse shout it out sweatin through his valor
Cock-eyed nigga back up his neck he had shores
Sammy eagerly rode up on him, toxi off the turkey with the joint
On him
Flower look his man stood up before him
The bitches hit the table, Jah king stripped off his cables
Shots went off, Sam'll get a chance to make his debut
Flower grabbed Tiff his man with the sideburns, hat fell off
We noticed ring-worms, he hid behind Rich
C-Allah hit the light switch, young girls were trampled
In the measured pool, pistol with Mase, and broke the handle
Desperate crawlin to the door on all fours
Shim kicked the jukebox the theme song rode in was "It's Yours"
Oh my goodness, Ba grabbed the Mo bottle thrashin
He layin like a gay models shoutin out Sebastian
He smiled with his teeth missin begging for mercy
No more god, the 68 thousand down at pier 3
Out came the cannon, whistled out zaggin
Cham snatched his flag four big rocks enter the dragon
It's over, another story told
Lyin' with the snakes, tongue kissin' cobras


Yo let me tell you how the game go
We gettin rid of all the prostitutes
Tony wants the streets back fo sho
Too many hustlers, too many thieves
We're fuckin up who's willin to fight and teach the seeds
Too much TV, guns and robberies
Lust and greed and hate the 4 devils jealousy




Damn, this is for all my women thats been going through the struggle
On welfare, living the rough life (oh I cried, but see I'm thankful)
It's gone be alright, thats right (Thankful for the trouble
For holding me down, every day, oh yeah..)
This is how we gone do it, I want you to explain your story
Then I'mah tell you mine, tell 'em
(Uh, can't ask for any more.. more...)
Tell 'em Keyshia..


Momma, where did you go wrong
Because I need to know
You got me living the life you were living
When you were young...
And I'm heading down the same path, uh
But the difference between me and you
Is, oh, hey, hey, hey


There's not a difference, boo, it's real life..

It's not ya momma fault, it's ya fathers fault
It's your fathers fault your mother is an alcoholic
Confusin the brain from the booze and the pain
And plus he cheated on her, beated on her, smack dead in the rain
She Lost her first child in 74
And that lead to nervous breakdowns bicardi dark she downin it raw
She can't take it she constantly cryin fallin down on her knees
Like help me lord please I'm ready to leave
All she needed was somebody to rub her feet
Give her a nice hug and rescue her from off these streets, come on




There's not a difference, boo, it's only an 8-figure, back me up

I been sent by an angel to snatch you up
Take you way above the clouds and back you up
At night you can lay in my arms feel the heart beatin
Don status in the sheets I'm keepin you warm
Ain't no nigga gone do what I do
Imah take care of you and ya kids
Take the bent and go handle ya biz
The bills is paid,the cable back on
I quote you know the seeds want they nickleodeon on
I'm not ashamed to sport you
Floss you or gloss you out
Fat, skinny out of shape i'll dior you out




Wipe ya eyes..

Yo in the hood theres a struggle
My girls is in trouble
She lackin guidance in the mind shes blinded and puzzled
Her pops never showed her the ropes
Her moms raised mad kids on her own
She never had a strong man in her home


Stay stroooooooooong
Oh, hey, said we're gonna stay strong
No matter what
Yeah.. we're still here to see, hey... (that's my baby, that's my baby)




Gotta keep the hood up through all the struggle
No matter what, you know what I'm saying?
Keep your heart in the right place




(Man up) Somebody gon' get laid down
(Man up) Whether music or four pounds
(Man up) Ain't no need to know me well
We can get the drama popping, homey, I won't tell


Welcome to Saints Row, the home of the gun clappers
Small time criminals, sneak divas and car jackers
Where the streets fight back and shoot-outs are bound to happen
Ain't nobody scrapping, all of these killas is taking action
Gang wars, yea, we bang to the death, gaining respect
In an intelligent city, be smart and wear ya vest
Watch your right just as well as your left
Cuz nine out of ten times, we'll creep from behind and blow the tech
Heat holding, whip stolen, while police is patrolling
Flashing they lights, telling us to pull over, we keep going
On a high speed chase from the law, out on parole
Swerving out of control, with the gas pedal to the floor
I'm on a deathwish, driving wreckless with no headlights
Running through roadblocks, and we ain't stopping at red lights
That's how the game go, switch up, and change clothes
Watch your back, when you walk through the streets of Saints Row, nigga




Enter the real world, where corrupt cops and vigilante's lurk
Henchmen, put in position to do my handywork
Mob bosses, hire hitmen, to get your family merked
No matter right or wrong, remember to put your family first
We in the gutter, watching for undercovers, slinging butter
Posted up on the corners, me and my brothers
Sex, money and drugs, the hungriest thugs
Sleep with my burner, and wash with my gun in the tub
Posted up in the back of the club, we doing it
That's a nice outfit on your back, don't make me ruin it
First class, serving shots like a stewardess
Gun out the hoster, now come a little closer so you can view the fifth
Blood stains, bullets'll drain you until you fluidless
Barely escaped with the jaws of life, when your Buick flipped
That's how the game go, switch up, and change clothes
Watch your back or fall flat in the traps of Saints Row, playa





 Yeah
 Word... these Wiz's be buggin God
Reason why ain't got nuttin to do with nuttin
 Yeah, check it out y'all one two
We back up in this joint! What?
Check the fly shit... yeah
Don't black out on me


Yo, black man watch out, she salt-water trout
Al Deuce dug her back out, inside the dugout
Heard the pussy was good, big niggas fell victim
Mentally stripped em one God turned Christian
She know magic, soakin wet pussy on the matress
Skin like Cleopatra's, the leading actress
She been fuckin since we went to fourteen, look at Miss Thing
With a ponytail kept a jar of Vaseline
She's a big girl now, with a body that growl
Like Wiz murder trial, smile attract crowds
Most niggas, would light the lord over this broad
Big niggas in they drawers pose one knee on the floor
Little kids daydream of humping wildflower
Hanna Barbera fame Geraldo Rivera


Fat ass, whips, big asses, colorful lips
Wide hips, spoiler kits, chrome dipped
Wearing loot kicks
Plus G's boomin' beats
Loud horn beeps, crowded streets, confusion yo
The heat is on, yo it's too black it's too strong
In one hour Wu-Tang Clan is about to perform
Police barricade, sidewalk crowded like parades
Your arena now present, the event of the decade
Long braids and fades, bald heads, finger waves
Extensions, nails
Friday just got great
Headlining your marquee is the prime time rhyme crime family
And shines Godly light upon this hip-hop art form
Yo Dunn, we can't be measured by no chart, the God born
Never bust premature for sure
You want it raw, let me plant my dynamite bitch
Deep inside your core
The explosion stops your menstruation
Cause your stomach inflation
Patiently wait nine months for deportation
Of the Earth from the Moon, black woman stay in tune
Yo Gods, let me born y'all the science about the womb
It's a black hole for those who lose control
Fertile soil for royal and wise
And spoiled many men and took many lives
Loyal brothers changed sides
Only birthed a decimal compared to those who died inside




You got your hands on Mooney shit?
Say word
We gon' get high
I don't give a fuck about them
He a bird anyway
He be taking his packages?
He a snitch too


Ayo
In Pam's house there was money missing
She was too dumb, had her nose numb, sniffin' blow in the kitchen
Her kids never ate, BCW's involved with her
Kids that she never seen shipped two to Florida
Maxine dark skinned and bald headed bitch mean
Pam's right hand, together they're the coldest fiends
Aww shit, guess who arrived at the door
It's Mooney the supplier, "Shh, don't open the door!"
"Bitch open the door!" "Maxine, he gon' kill me!"
"Chill, I got a friend cop." "Girl, you don't know his beef!"
Three long kicks the hinges flew off
Kids screaming, the heavy face slap blew Maxine head off
It's on in the crib, "You wrong for what you did
You gon' pay Pam, fuck that boo, kiss your kids
Y'all get the fuck in the room.""Fuck you, you ain't our real Daddy!"
"Next time you see my Caddy, don't fucking flag me"
This is where he fucks, up at peep his movements
Maxine's in the kitchen crying, grits is boiling, on the side
She had a cup of lye, somebody gotta die
"Uh huh, y'all bitches fucked up, smoked out my packages


Y'all had Mackie shit and Pappy shit
Word to Aunt May I want mine"
Pulled out the nine, get in the tub
He seen the hot iron pulled the plug out
He steamed Pam brought it back to Penny on Good Times
Back in the dollar bill he sniffed like six lines
He put his Gat down, why he do that?
Creeping through the crib is Maxine, pot holder down with the grits
Pam sucking his dick, Maxine Al Greened him
Screaming, slipped in piss, he ran in the seed's room
Grits down cryin' aight with his balls out
He stepped on Clarence Biggie Smalls album
"Boobie get that nigga!" Pam yelling, "Rip that nigga!"
Mookie went and got the dye out the kitchen
James jumped on Moon, poked him with a screw driver
Broke the TV, niggas watching Knight Rider


This is Pam Jerkins mother house
The same shit go on in her brother house
You know Mooney's only a buck oh five wet
He only had two hundred dollars worth of shit
And the kids tore his ass up


The seeds had a huddle up, I felt sorry for him
The funny shit when bowlegged Keke hopped on him
Jumped on him, pigeon toed Mookie poured dye on him
You should've seen this motherfucker's face frying
Half dying, they stuck a fork through his nuts
The little girl was happy, she picked her brother up
"Quick, pick the window up," Mooney overheard
Right before they threw him out, the nigga said "Word?!?"

On the count of three
He landed right in front of the first floor balcony
Blood, brains is splattered
He was dead
And the cops never came
That's Stapleton


All, all, all in together now
We getting fresh getting right for the weather now
And if we fall in the game, yo that's never now
Come to my projects and we'll air you out




(Aiyo, Chef?) What up, my nigga?
(Yeah, man, I gotta give you the 411, shit is straight 911, word)
It's $2.50, nigga, back the fuck up! Talk to me...
(Word, them blue ninjas is everywhere
Word, watch ya back, Protect Ya Neck and all that shit, man
Thirty nine motherfuckers already got scooped up
Indicted, word, I'm bird eye viewing it right now
Out there out the motherfucking window)
You got the strong scoopers out there?
(Word, five book store buses out front
All them young boys are certified, they ain't rentals)


Run these mean streets from Cali to New York
Who could ya trust? Niggas they do talk
Running from the feds and out of state troopers
Look up ahead, you know we got sharp shooters


The blocks is molded, step up ya sword piece
Moving through them housing with more ki's
Rembrandts is fresh from Scotland, crisp hats, Cristal bottles
Niggas want the problems, we back
It's time to take over the game, it's nothing
I live on the line, from corner to castles with pawns and capsules
Scramble and find, my money's up, I'm praying for war
I do this all the time, all the time, all the time
Faces of Doom, sling in the lobby
Swinging cooked raw, if you played the field you was not leaving
Fast-pacin' for CREAM chasing team
Trying to come through the hood and lie, get left for dead naked in Queens
Let them other niggas wear that, we take the credit
While we was shopping for more Nikes and off-whites
Heroin stirrers, the crib, cracked mirrors
Career thugs who serve only judges and jurors
Got to make my money this year, whether it's through rhyming or criming
I'll be on the line with my iron
Promised them llamas'll fly fast, quick at pirahnas
Trying to intervene, get caught dead, no head in pajamas
You live like a slouch from vouchers
Nobody mad, you was a fake, dead, die with no trousers
Cause you crossed the line like Miller's Crossing
Off with ya dome, I walked you through the woods, we both smoked a bone




Mean streets...
Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in
The streets stay flooded with crack rocks and Mac shots
The scenery's money, guerrillas in the back drop
The livest'll pop, the weakest get chopped where they stand
Singing the judge's name, dropped in the stand
Drug money kills, blood on my bills, mud on my Nikes
Only buying with the couple that I trust with my life
Twenty four sev' ducking the feds, infrared wtih lead
Gamble with off track betting instead
In my hood anybody can get it, and everybody want it
Cutthroat executives, the corners, the office
And the thought is to be boss of all bosses
The cost is ya life, swimming with sharks and orcas
So keep ya guards up, or get scarred up
It's a Cold World, I told you with Allah Just'
The bigger the funds, the bigger the guns that's blazing
It's sick in the slums and niggas are stunting for nathin'


Aiyo, my gun been in more niggas mouths than a whore had dick
With creamy nuts on the side of her jaw
It's Rigatone, nigga, sliding through airports
Riding on niggas like MJ, same day I rocked you, comprende?
Yeah, I'm kinda off cuz my guns was dirty
That last joint that hit you, kid, you made the top thirty
Early, walk with me and strap with a vengeance
More or less Ghostface Killah'll stretch you out like mad words in a sentence
Smell the gas burning (yeah) feel the fire (word)
Real talk, it's not that bullshit from The Wire
It's them disco kids that clap iron
Champion hoods, if ya coke don't freeze, my face is not worth frying
We crack eightballs with pool sticks
Bungee jump off a mountain of bricks
Fuck you up if you slinging those nicks
Toney Starks from the octagon, my ox is on
Snap Matt Hughes' neck with my boxers on






Ahh, ahh, ahh all the ladies if you feel me, help me sing it now
(Uh-huh... Toney Starks..
Yo, baby, what's all this you telling everybody
We broke up and all this, I'm hearin' off the streets and all, that, ma
Talk to me or something, huh, I don't know what's goin' on, baby
You know, I got my clothes in the joint, and you go up here
Just packin' my gear --- what happened boo?)


I can't believe I believed, everything we had would last
So young and naive for me to think, she was from your past
Silly of me to dream of, one day having your kids
Love is so blind, it feels right when it's wrong
I can't believe I fell for four years, and I'm smarter than that
So young and naive to believe that with me, you're a changed man
Foolish of me to compete, when you cheat with loose women
It took me some time but now I moved on, cuz I realized I got


Me myself and I, that's all I got in the end
That's what I found out, and it ain't no need to cry
I took a vow that from now on, I'm gonna be my own best friend


So controlling, you said that you love me, but you don't
Your family told me one day, I would see it on my own
Next thing I know I'm dealing, with your three kids and my home
I've been so blind, it feels right when it's wrong
Now that it's over, stop calling me, come pick up your clothes
No need to front like you're still with me, all your homies know
Even your very best friend, tried to warn me on the low
It took me some time, but now I am strong
Because I realized I got..




I got me, myself and I (I know that I would never dissapoint myself)
Must have cried a thousand times (all the ladies if you feel me, help me sing it out)
I can't regret time spent with you (yeah, you hurt me but I learned a lot the long way)
But I lucked out to make it through (after all the rain you see the sun come out again)


See that's why you in my life right now, smile right now..
I'm sorry, boo... I'm sorry..
Just you know, that you got mature... shoot..
Ya'll ladies keep your mouth shut right now
Cuz ya'll don't know what y'all talking about
This between me and her, that's my word, she just upset


Changes... we all go through changes
Arguments, disagreements, and to some it's dangerous
But your mind and your heart's clogged with all your pain and
But a bond that we was holding, what made us famous
Hey miss, beautiful mami with tears of stone
Stop cryin', come talk to Tone
Tell me everything that's goin' wrong like your needs and doubts
My reason for coming in late, I need cheese and sprouts
So I could continue to hold down the foundation
It's pitiful how you could charge me with violations
Patience is the key, fuck the frustrations
We act off our emotions and we start hatin'
And that leads to stress, problems and weight loss
Total baldness, broke homes come from negative forces
Baby be cautious, you got to call the cops to get me out
When it come, babe, I'm goin' all out
It's T-O-N-E-Y, to Beyonce, my, sweetie pie
Please try, be mine til we die




Beyonce.. beautiful girl




World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere
World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere


What these clown niggas hollerin'?
What they need to be hollerin', is "There go Theodore!"
Put the ball down, we can't score
They pen shit to blackboards, make queens out of wack broads
You see us comin'? Fuck that Fam shit, just pass off, you bitch
Crystal' Dana Dane's wrapped around your neck
Lookin' rich, baow, you fucked up now
See my gun, nigga? This baby got stuffed uptown
Shouted out, made a whole safe with the pump root pounds
My buddy, keep my gun, right next to my tummy
Ask the click, yo, they spit metal lungies
Detach wigs, kill flunkies off contact, sonsee
Didn't mommy tell y'all niggas to wear clean undies?
See y'all should of listened to her
She knew her son had a big mouth, and some day death would occur
Please for Ms. Gale's sake, and her seeds
Pastor Freddy ain't fuckin' around, they knocked him with weed


Uh-oh... (word up) This still... (what you talkin' bout, baby?)
Real kids spit that shit..


Let's go, let's go, let's go, yo, yeah
Me and Starks clear projects parks
With our '93 shit, army coat green and light tan Clarks
Niggas think I'm lucky, bitches wanna fuck me
And put me in the tub with them like I'm a rubber ducky
I got a revolver in the pump about the size of Chucky
I remember faces easy as I tie my laces
Here, put the metal in your mouth, like you was rockin' braces
I spit an iron lungie, yeah, I'm old school like the Iron Monkey
My shit powerful enough to lift a fuckin' donkey
I got heavy chrome, niggas don't care if you live or die
They happier than Marbury home
Ya'll niggas better kill me, my street niggas feel me
Louch gotta eat, ends gotta meet
The hard shit you kickin' bout is on beat as Tweet
This is Theodore, D-Block, the year adore
It's son who fall, with the four-four, niggas like..




Yeah... nigga this is Ghost with Ghostface
I don't sell millions but I get millions from the fiends who smoke base
Somebody leavin' out with a poked face
Tone, you burnin' to kick his teeth out, and swear don't catch no case
I'mma make you look like you smoke taste, and we don't leave no trace
These rap niggas swear that they so safe
I don't wanna talk to you holmes, I don't communicate
My guns they in my hand, one in my palm
And I could dial your number, knock the smile off your face
With the H.K. 9, I'm the all black hummer
Metal lungies'll spit the grungiest shit
Hungriest shit, seventeen dummies a clip
Tell them rap niggas to suck my dick, fuck the industry
If shit shut down, still bust my shit
I got some hustlin' ass niggas that'll pump my bricks
And some dust head niggas that'll dump my clips, what?






I don't touch that swine
I want that unnecessary beef
You smoke garbage buds
We smoke tons of keef
Fishing, looking for that big-mouth bass
And flashing, jack your whole stash
In fashion, keep my goons lined
In an orderly fashion
It's glossy with 500 horsies in the Benz
Tinted out to spend the night
You ain't got angel funds is low, stack
Your bitch been a ho, jack
Still scoop her up, bring her home
And blow that, cause Ghost be mostly
Looking pretty toasty
Front row at Mayweather vs. Mosley
With the Bin Laden bottle
A Brazilian model
Got the paparazzi jumping
Like I hit the Lotto
Party hard, like I'm fresh
Out of the cages
Outrageous like Charlie Sheen out in Vegas


You drop your pants to your ankles
At the urinal at the ballgame
I'm on the stool getting brain
From a tall dame, cause I'm 5'8''
Shorty like 6'2''
Feed her coke, locked jaw
Like a pitbull. I was born to rep
You fucking with a hornet's nest
Old shooters in the corner like Hornacek
Young boys that be handling the rock
Chris Paul dish off, hammer in the sock
Gold flakes in the Gold Schlager
The ammo green XJ12, you know the old Jaguar
I got the birchwood lacing the interior
Poppy bagels getting flavored out in Syria
Only the Fonz, best laced plates
That reach maturity, dick sucked by Shannon Doherty
Take your temperature anally and orally
Make a batch of hummus drizzle royally with oil, B


Hopping out the Rolly Royce
Rolls Gold Nuvo
Diamond-studded shoe soles
Flyest nigga you know
Puerto Rican version of Scarface
Fuck with the god's say
Disrespect, piss in your broad's face
Chains stay chunky like Oprah's belly
Got the purple and the brown:
Peanut butter and jelly
When I step up in the spot with the rock, you see the
Popular pop rappers go into their pocket and pull out their wallet
When I click-clack, now get up on the ground
Cause I Onyx, Pete Rock, Chuck D shut em down
You know Term, I'm the kid with the 'preme beats
Butter Pecan J Lo, chick with the mean cheeks
Rubies on my gold fronts, iced out notebook
Making volcanos in the kitchen when the coke cook
I rode around with all kinds of thugs
High on drugs, pissing out tiger blood




 Yeahhh, torture, motherfucker, what?

What? I'll fuckin'  I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost with your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right? Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like *Tsssssss*
 Yeah, I'll fuckin'  yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat
 Whassup? BLAOWW!!
 I'll fuckin'  I'll fuckin' pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin' mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW!!
 I'll fuckin'  I'll fuckin  I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off a fuckin' twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker
 I'll fuckin'  I'll fuckin' sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you and feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you

Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is whylin', check it out, kid


From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man


M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man


Hey, you, get off my cloud!
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Patty cake, patty cake, hey, the Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact I snap back like a rubber band
I be Sam, Sam-I-Am
And I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham! Then goddamn
You be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam!"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said, this ain't your average flow
Comin' like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey!" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method


All right, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your meth, get your skins
Don't forget your forty
And we gonna do it like this


I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a forty
I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uhh


H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom!
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behaviour savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also flam I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my Super Sperm (check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang dang
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't cry
Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep the crew's mad deep
Wu-Tang, fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass I can see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm


The M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man


Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
(Y'alls all have just been taken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid)
{Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peace}




- My God, so they are killers
I've heard lots of people say once a man's a killer, they just keep
On killing and killing; they sort of develop a taste for blood
- Yeah, that's right. They kill one man, or kill ten
It's all the same (yes). After all, they can only hang you once


Both hands clusty, chilling with my man Rusty
Low down, blew off the burner kinda dusty
The world can't touch Ghost, purple tape, Rae co-host
Monty Hall expo, intellect, you read pro
Son trifling fuck, wildflower on the cycle and
Picked up the broom thought I was Michael-in'
West Brighton Pool, now I'm into Iron Duels
Turn Nuns to Earths Whoopi, she at Allah school
Inhale break beats of hell A-Alikes propel parallel
Duracell knot, you flash a burnt cell
Snap out of CandyLand kids, the old rumor is
Blacks become immune and shit, we never did
Like eating dead birds, trust the pharmacy over herbs
Men marrying men, ill they got the urge, pulsar
Scissor hand wig vanished in the winter, living off land
You god damn right I fuck fans, king me
Check checkmate props like the micro chip founder
Neck to neck stock with Bill Gates now


When we hug these mics we get busy
Come and have a good time with G-O-D
Make you snap your fingers or wiggle
Scream, shout, laugh or just giggle
Shake that body, party that body
Don't fuck with Ghost you'll feel sorry
That's word, I'm not the herb
Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying


Hit mics like Ted Koppel, rifle expert
Let off the Eiffel, burn a flag in your grass, spiteful
Ringleader set it off, rap Derek Jeter
Culprit, prince of the game wish you could see us
We lay low glitter wax full bangles
Priceless ropes, lay around the God get tangled
Woolly hair, eyes fiery red, feet made of brass
Twelve men following me, it be the God staff
Move, every script's like Miramax
Smash the big boy, totalled it, Wilshire and Fairfax
Son beaming wifey on the beach, sipping Zima
Wu 'binos, to latinos, we love Selena
Overnight, God schedules, Fed-Ex
Pretty silhouette velvet nice DNA scroll genetics
Too hot, to handle one thought from scrambling the mandolin
Hundred game Wilt Chamberlain, smack 'em, say when
He rolling up, face wrinkled up, hands is on his nuts
Yo kid stop fronting on the ground 'fore you get touched
It's Canada Dry sess with Allah, son
We want rye, we want it so bad we might cry


For every blow, depends on breath control
So it's the first thing you must learn
Fortunately it's easy
You'll soon learn
My God so they are killers
Killing and killing
They sort of develop a taste for blood






Both hands clusty, chilling with my man Rusty
Low down, blew off the burner kinda dusty
The world can't touch Ghost, purple tape, Rae co-host
Monty Hall expo, intellect, you read pro
Son trifling fuck, wildflower on the cycle and
Picked up the broom thought I was Michael-in'
West Brighton Pool, now I'm into Iron Duels
Turn Nuns to Earths Whoopi, she at Allah school
Inhale break beats of hell A-Alikes propel parallel
Duracell knot, you flash a burnt cell
Snap out of CandyLand kids, the old rumor is
Blacks become immune and shit, we never did
Like eating dead birds, trust the pharmacy over herbs
Men marrying men, ill they got the urge, pulsar
Scissor hand wig vanished in the winter, living off land
You god damn right I fuck fans, king me
Check checkmate props like the micro chip founder
Neck to neck stock with Bill Gates now


When we hug these mics we get busy
Come and have a good time with G-O-D
Make you snap your fingers or wiggle
Scream, shout, laugh or just giggle
Shake that body, party that body
Don't fuck with Ghost you'll feel sorry
That's word, I'm not the herb
Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying


Hit mics like Ted Koppel, rifle expert
Let off the Eiffel, burn a flag in your grass, spiteful
Ringleader set it off, rap Derek Jeter
Culprit, prince of the game wish you could see us
We lay low glitter wax full bangles
Priceless ropes, lay around the God get tangled
Woolly hair, eyes fiery red, feet made of brass
Twelve men following me, it be the God staff
Move, every script's like Miramax
Smash the big boy, totalled it, Wilshire and Fairfax
Son beaming wifey on the beach, sipping Zima
Wu 'binos, to latinos, we love Selena
Overnight, God schedules, Fed-Ex
Pretty soloette velvet nice DNA scroll genetics
Too hot, to handle one thought from scrambling the mandolin
Hundred game Wilt Chamberlain, smack 'em, say when
He rolling up, face wrinkled up, hands is on his nuts
Yo kid stop fronting on the ground 'fore you get touched
It's Canada Dry sess with Allah, son
We want rye, we want it so bad we might cry


Yo, I don't understand how these cats sip daiquiris
Like it's all good down at the hit factory
Be on 54th, whole clique backing me
All that click clackery takes your wrist wrappery
I ain't no rapper, b, I skeet Uzis
And I can't act, turned down 3 movies
So gimme your chain, your jewels and your cash
And your fast food, I'll eat your food fast
My rude ass, carries 3 weapons
And I'll give your face a c-section and keep stepping
Who else in a hurry to mirk
We kill girls, rape em', bury their skirts
Imagine me wake up 7:30 for work (what?!)
I'd rather run the streets in a 730 with work
But met this knucklehead, thought he want a order
Came and asked me stop pitching to his daughter
Y'Serious? This man can't be
Be glad I'm not in her damn panties
Got a damn handy
How you going to ever ask stop carrying candy
I'm going to sell to anybody in your damn family
Your Uncle Tom, your Aunt Tammy, your Grandmammy
Your right hand man Randy, understand me
In Atlanta I got an outlandish land piece and a matching land
Desert-colored: Sandy


You know the one with the whips, THATS ME
The one with the chips and the chips, THATS ME
The one with the toast, pants saggy, yelling out get at me
Get at me, nigga, THATS ME
The one that be running and dodging, YOU
The one that be sucking mad dick, YOU
The one that's scared of some yay yo
Always wanna lay low, cause your girl say so, YOU, biatch


I could show you some ice
Throw you advice
You not that good dog, who told you you're nice
Ay, yo your crew, switch siders
When I come through, hey Cam
Dick riders
But I only mess with Navigators 528
6 drivers, big buyers, where you live we live liver
Come through, stick your suppliers
Mack so many hoes, dick in saliva
Gash her up, ma, put it on you mouth
Then I grab her neck and try to take her tonsils out
And I don't got beef, I don't play those games
If I did though believe me I would say y'all names
Go to your house, red dot scope your crib
Smack your earth, snatch your seeds, choke your wiz
My crew split it was my mistake
But to my nigga Duke we all make mistakes
I'm going to get shit right if I spend my cake
Jimmy, I'm a get you up out of 5h
This is for my niggas that load the pipe
Saying I'm the best just not promoted right
You know my life
Drink, smoke, roll some dice
Control the hiest
Know I'm a patrol your schiest
We all get schiest




Uh, thirty thousand feet up in the air, up in the lear
Dressed in a black tux, forty cal. tucked, strapped to the chair
Half asleep, hopping out of my seat, caught in the daze
Turned around and seen a white man's face, covered in shades
I must of passed out, can't remember shit before I blacked out
Three more niggas approaching, holding they mack's out
One spoke, gave me the keys, to a boat
Reached in his trenchcoat, and pulled out a yellow envelope
Which contained twenty thousand in cash, a photograph
Of a Colombian nigga with a long mustache
Miguel Sanchez, keep a gun hidden in his pants leg
With armed bodyguards, surveillance around his land spread
He runs a billion dollar organization, under investigation
Plus he's wanted by immigration
Now I'm stuck, crazy look on my face, shocked in amazement
How the fuck I get involved with these federal agents
They knew my background, knew about what happened down in Sac Town
They knew about the wrap down south, they laid they backs down
Said I had two decisions, take out Miguel and his cartel
Or spend the rest of my life in prison
A classified mission on some James Bond shit
007 style, love to get some straight convicts
Now I'm pondering, my thoughts wandering, got my girl on the phone
Told her to kiss little Jay cuz I'll be gone again
Honey, I can't sleep, she sucking her teeth
If everything go good, baby, I'll be home in a week
Pinching myself just to see if I'm dreaming, call up my team and
Meet me by the docks in Miami, I'll fly out this weekend


I got you nigga, four-four pop two niggas
That drug lord that we want, got a spot for niggas
And if we kill 'em, it's back to the block, my nigga
He carried rugers, thirty four shots I figure
He only holla at the kid, when there's money involved
They pack shotguns, hollow tips, dummies and all
When me and Trife doing right together, got no choice
But give us ten, like we selling white together
Left side, four-five, right, black beretta
Taking trips over seas, flipping packs for better
Every flight a hundred stacks and better, so grind hard
Get ya money up, get on your grillies, don't mind odds
Fuck a cop car, throw on some chumpers, and drop charge
Hit the block hard, it's kinda hard being G-O-D
If he owe Trife, he owe me
Load up the mack grounds, M-I-A, call that the jack town
Tell niggas I'm on my way, coming back down
Miguel, Mr. Sanchez, it's a wrap, now
Theodore extorting your shit, handing out packs, now
I used to listen to 50 and jam "Back Down"
Now I slang fifty kilo's where I'm at now
Fifty a wop, purple top, nigga, I'm back, clown
Crystal bottles, Grey Goose for the chat lounge
Channel seven news, older dude, murder gat found



"I've got the feeling.. I hear the sound"


Eh yo, I'm here to toast an MC like my name was Grand Puba
Run up in the large house and - throw out the Ruger
Some say I'm good - others pray - the want me to fall
Battle me - come one, come all - I leave ya jaw hangin'
New York City Slinger - Stark Nitty
I'm straight like a flat chester with some low titties
Plus my chain hangin' down to my dick
CB hits - grand on the hits - Star Trek VI
Black flicks - come on..
We fuck prostitutes - tie 'em to the bed
Throw 'em in the lasso - givin' me backstage hed
Picture me in Isreal sandles - Gucci open-toe
Book of Life - two on Camay - no H2O
Bandit - I'm like Moses - split the sea
Y'all split jeans - my last tape was the illy poster
Move crowds like the March of Dimes - fuck this rhyme..

*musical breakdown*

	"Up next.."


Walter in Dr. Jay's - rock the Jay's
Spot niggas with K's - son they feelin' your ways
It's like mayonaisse - old people love you - corns on their feet
Fifteen, twenty deep - you walked in, cross street
Walk under red light - sound went through Crown Heights
Even had 'em on bikes - they was startin' fights
New Years had 'em all drunk - lazy eye Milton
Found a bump - tried to buck and
Scotty snatched Janet's wig off that night
Shit got hectic - barber Jim fuckin' old man Chef
But God shit's real as a fuck
Throw a buck on Chuckle-Up - Thunderbird in cuffs
Skeeter with no teeth - night train lips
Beefin' with police - Grade-A inch knees
Duke blew a bag with him - he got butt-naked in the 'villes
Plus he fucked a whitey in the hill..
Throw a buck on Chuckle-Up - Thunderbird in cuffs




Yo, with this game come alotta hate, but there's alotta snakes
Niggas see the size of my dish, and wanna pick a plate
Thinkin' I'mma fold under pressure, y'all wanna see me break
Had these niggas skating on ice, doing a figure eight
Twelve getting strong in the game, y'all can't touch me
I must be, made out of steel, y'all can't crush me
Watch how I paint this picture, into a mixture
With symbolic words, when they merge they form a scripture
Tone be that nigga, I belong in the ficture
Very necessary that my robes is furry
Picture me, in the King's chair blowin' on bark
Before queens holding toothbrushes, scrubbin' my Clarks
Feedin' me grapes, give me style shakes, Frosted Flakes
Flood the plate, twenty four karats that intake
I'm all over the globe, like water in moat
Cocaine cookouts over portable stoves


Watch how we milk 'em this year
Ya'll niggas straight soft, like silk in this here
My niggas came off, ran hard for 10 years
But this time around, we got a new sound for deaf ears
Things is different, now time's is changing
So it's a new direction that my rhymes is aimed in
It's more than entertainment, it's hip hop
The way that we walk, the way that we talk
It's our language


Aiyo, now who you know is more liver than Trife?
The piledriver improviser go to work on your body like exercisers
My opening lines'll open your mind
Glock popper, clock stopper, leave you frozen in time
Plus you never seen me rolling with shines, I'm barely seen
Got bitches in all flavors, I call 'em my Dairy Queens
Gettin' CREAM, that's a daily routine, y'all niggas know me
I'm the one and only, that's word to Chef and Pretty Toney
Make my debut on Bulletproof Wallets, that's when I come through
Stay true, got nothing for free, I had to pay dues
You feelin' like a frog then jump, you in the swamp with gators
Nigga, we eat you tadpoles for lunch
It's not a hunch, it's a sure fact
Drunk nigga fall back, I'm tellin' you once
Don't get your fronts and your jaw cracked
Theodore, we the new villains in here
Starks Enterprise, we seeing 20 million this year




In these war times, whose the enemy?
I'm something like Matt Damon, and backin' in my Bourne Supremacy
I was brought to bring forth the remedy
Deadly ready or not, y'all people better steady the block
Or keep the heat coming, steady or not
Don't want no trouble with Joe
We'll throw blows that empty out the whole bungaloo
If y'all soldiers can handle my click
Then walk forward and find the one that make you ceist to exist
You never heard me spit as lethal as this
Flippin' ya brother man, on the other hand will empty a clip
If I build, my life hangs in a myst, the balance we call this
Dark and light, I know wrong from right
But am I wrong if I live my animal appetite
Have a feast in the middle of night, riddle me right
And more righteous, must of all your might, you can't bite this
Cause the man in your mirror is my lightness, and know that act is right






Evil emotions, it seems like my mind's playing tricks on me
I have vision of grave diggaz doing mix for me
Sinister, I drive niggas off to the dark side
I set Ichabod Crane on his horse ride
Gave Krueger his clothes, killed the corpse, companion
You got no clue in the mystery, I'm the last one standing
Ghostface the hockey mask, hiding the features
Fuck the black lagoon, watch me enable her creatures
The bleach is chemistry, teachers cooking meth
I got a meth in my click, Johnny Blaze em to death
I'm no Heff I like bitches hardcore in the deuces
Run through red lights bitch, fuck ya period juices
I've been watching too many, I almost got away with it
These snap bitches is cray, almost got to play with it
View Natural Born Killers on the daily basis
Murder cases, best advice is watch how my felony faces


Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence
Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence


Step back, click clack, my stacks of cash make
Walter White look like, I got the pure vocab, dark specialist
Starky be the A1 chemist
The pure have your face all numb just like a dentist
Street clientle I flip
Buy and sell half the chains leaving marks on my neck
That ain't frail, solid goes the charm like a new born baby
10 pounds of 6 ounces, the shit's looking crazy
Retarded, leaving niggas daily departed
Tried to sit but it started, it ain't for the weak hearted
Heavily guarded, my clan keep prisoners of war
Torch you niggas with the morphine drips of the raw
Peruvian white blowing dust in 'em
Feeding 'em seroquel
Fucking their minds and blowing off the pedestal
My verbal technique I speak I don't sweep
Make a bitch stash a nut in the cheek, or her ass


Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence
Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence



 (x2)
If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome


The whole world trippin', listen it's still a cold world
The other day I had to bury my homegirl
Wrong place, caught one in her face
Plus her man's on the run and couldn't come to the wake
For Heaven's sake, you pray God open the gate
In this modern day Sodom, that's their only escape
10 year olds are cold, no, they don't hesitate
2 up a G pack, he chose the whole 8
Catch a 5 to 10 sellin' 5's and 10's
And the police informer was your childhood friend
In the real world, gotta hustle for your dream
Extend your clips, fit the muzzle with the beam
For the love of cream, it's nothin' but routine
Swing on the judge, take a couple for the team
He's the young Capone, he grew up in a drug home
Stranded on the Ave with a blunt and his gun shown


If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome


A live scene theme from a Godfather saga
A Martin Scorsese classic and I'm the author
Drama at the opera, crime story novel
Tuxedo suit and silencer on the nozzle
Meeting place scheduled at the Broadway musical
Bravo, we arrive in bulletproof limo
Shotgun, the underboss of our main source
Of interest, the black widow cocaine empress
A princess rich from her family's inheritance
Now let's talk business, begin by addressin' the bricks
That was missin' in the last shipment
At first, everything nice, everything routine
Jocks lining up the food, we blessed him with the cream
But on this day he wasn't ready and my God sense keen
I noticed that his normal firm handshake shook
It wasn't steady when he squeezed


If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome


He went from prince to a king out of a life of rubbish
Wearin' tailor-made suits, Sky Dwellers and clusters
To perfection, rags to riches, the evil's done influenced
That pushed him off the edge, they said the greed made him do it
You're my right hand, damn, he fucked the trust up
It's ruined, niggas caught him slidin' on his belly
I'm grippin' on my hammer with the silencer twisted
Contemplatin' murder now, I'm 'bout to swerve on my biscuit
But it's my man at the same time, I don't wanna do him
He violated, broke a major code, bar what you stealin' now
It's over, in the falls of Niagara, he was soakin'
With a shell case stuck in his head, they found him floatin'


If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome


Allah let me lay in your arms
Hold me like a newborn
Sing to me the most sweetest song
The exalted, the most benevolent
The knower of all
Keep me safe 'till I return back to your residence
This Earth, my place of birth
As time went through the ages it got worse
Sicknesses, beheadings in Syria
Ebola's killin' my people, it's gettin' scarier
Most foods ain't even real, the chip is here
Deadly fluids bein' released, contracted through air
Dear God, it been a minute since I cried out
Since mama died, I never wild out
We need help like the phone's 'bout to die out
Can you hear me? Can you hear me now?
We need a miracle
Destroy the FDA for holdin' back cures
So they can get paid


If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome




Miranda *speaking Spanish*
Yo, man, just let her live, man, stop playing, man
Oh, shit, B, where's Miranda? (She with Chef)


I dreamed it, Chef out in Cuba, a ruger
Thirty thou' on him, out in Mr. Chow, blew a cloud on him
Seen a Latin chick, laughing, clapping
Like your style, homey, tell your proud, hit the Crystal
Now we chatting, coebers and klickos, who do this a size six
She split up, had a brick, I peeped those
Her jeans was fitted, hair twisted, long as a fuck
She looked Indian, titties was plump
Had juicy lips, dimples, imprint on her pussy was mad thick
She grabbed my dick, hopped in the window
We in the Monte Carlo, bravo, uncle named Pablo
Gun connect, and he had his poke in Los Cabos
Good money, honey was strung, playing Luther in the background
Spanish version, my bunny was horny as fuck
Working the kid, we burst later, lay in the bed
Duvet sheets, my face hit the spread
Then time me, I'm not the kind of nigga, I was cool down at night
Drop my gun, shorty, my nigga
Body was sexy, "Lexy, come here, nigga, take off your drawers
Let me suck your dick, nigga, it's yours
Got real watery, Corey, damn you got good dick
You forty" spit on it, position your jaw
Call me 8-Ball, this pussy like China, climb the Great Wall
Then she came like volcanos in the late fall


Lady Miranda, she half black and white like a panda
I met her at the BET Awards, in Atlanta
Glamour girl, shopping in Bloomingdale's, skin pure
Keep a fresh manicure, hands with the cutest nails
Wall Street banker, hold accounts with Jewish now
Big businessmen, who own stocks in computer sales
Meanwhile, I'm checking her jeans out, imagining
Her fat bubble, riding my dick, making her scream out
She got a mean mouth, her lips is like soup coolers
Hotter than niggas riding around with six rugers
Miss Beaulah took a day off with a rich jeweler
When she came back she had a suitcase full of Fig Newtons
I met her at a villa in Vancouver, blowing her man's buddah
Bumping Mary J. and that Grand Puba
Check the 411, from a smooth operator
Got some pictures of her naked, I'll send them to Un later


Ay Dio mio, mamacita ass bonita
Remind me of the nights of Del Rio
I met at the Cotto fights, playing my seat though
That night, the linen was white, me and my hijos
Live from Puerto Rico, San Juan, where niggas sniff pedrico
Look at your man wrong, finito
Girl you know how we go, you getting my grown man on
Fuck with you primo, maybe I'm hands on
I'll massage your ego and be the love of your life
You know your people, a thug and his wife
Gave a look, she was touching my ice, so I looked at my dick
Like don't worry, we fucking tonight
She boricua, cinnamon skin, sign is Libra
She like wife beaters and men that like to eat her
Then I meet your feet up, meet me in room 112, light this reefer
You act right, and after tonight, I might keep ya




Oh shit! Fuck is my watch at?
Shit... what the fuck?
Nah man, nah man, hell nah
These bitches is frontin
The fuck the shit go?
Them drug gangstas
Yo son, you got my shit?
(Nah, son, I ain't got ya shit)
Son you ain't got my shit?
(Nah, nigga, I ain't got ya shit)
Yo, son, my shit is gone
(Pah listen, I ain't got ya shit
Lex you sure you ain't leave it in the..)


I started buggin out, fell in the zone, half the bone lit
Passed off, rubbin on my ski hat - oh shit!
My blunt fell, my watch, you seen it?
Gleamin little young fella, he just had the stupidest look, weeded
Yo, I'm tired and stressed, hungry and I'm vexed
And I'm flippin cause these niggas wanna play me for test
Shit fell off ya hand Lord? Stop it, I'm eyein niggas in they faces
After that I'm goin at niggas pockets
The watch, faggot yeah, y'all niggas got my shit
"Yo Lex we family, I helped you cop yo' shit"
Then help me find my shit!
Eye-ballin every fake Frankie Lymon in the joint
Break out, find my shit!
Yeah, yo now I got robbed, I smell it
Mad bitches walkin' by the fella tryin' to crochet, bitch spell it!
Listen trick, be out, bounce
Blew an ounce off of weed in the bitch face, she pulled out two white owls
"Everybody back the fuck up, move!
Chef, you actin' like a loose cannon, Pah, with you and your dudes"
If my shit come up, cool
Matter of fact, clack-clack-clack-clack, niggas pulled out tools


Yo yo yo yo turn the fuckin' lights off
Pass the illumin' Lord, tell the DJ turn the fuckin' music off
We got announcements, we want y'all to listen clear
We just lose about mansion in here
And yo eh yo if we don't get it back it's gon' be a problem
Then my niggas gon' react and that'll be a problem
Eighty-five thou' gone we got a fuckin' problem
Ain't nobody leavin' alive until we find 'em


Excuse me, Miss, no I ain't havin' it
I smacked him with the four pound, bitch hit the ground
Then I stepped off, dry mouth and shit
Equipped with the dipped courdouroy Bailey's with the cream stitch
Powerhouse biscuits that blow roofs off
Rae watch is missin', you take ya boots off
And take off those chaaaaaiiiiiiinnnns
The fat fuck thought I was playin' so I started sprayin
Chicks hit the floor, bottles broke
The owner slid through beefin', duke threw the toast to his throat
We brought the noise like we here to promote
My man don't get his shit in four or five minutes yo we're leavin' with the vote
A gangsta's lotto, thirteen bodies and still climbin
Big shotties, bodied when they sniff body
We did our thing too we got to the Envy lobby
Our last four or five shots we see nobody




Eh yo shit got real that night
Power grabbed him, 'Vine smacked him dead in his head
(Oh shit, nigga he got a magnum!)
Yo we all holdin', rollin
Grab a nigga, search him if he front, fuck it, blow him!
Watchin' niggas foldin
The bartender got a shotgun in his hand
Let off, the wheelchair nigga got up and ran
Surround the Don, full body armor automatically on
The faggots passed off the watch and gone
(yo y'all niggas ain't searchin' shit!)
Yo where the big mouth at? Niggas step up
Matter of fact nigga, lie the fuck up
Nigga tried to swing on G's but he a gentleman
Son, he dropped the dead arm but failed to see it
Two shot G's pealed his meat {*starts to fade out*}
Let's see, niggas tried to front like my niggas is weak
Corey pulled the truck up, C-4ed this bitch, blew it the fuck up!
Niggas'll use and niggas'll die in this mothafucka! {*explosion*}




Yo, legend man, whats the prognosis, great minded?
Aint nothin', just swimmin' in life you know
Its all good and shit man, word up man
So yo, you go around the corner
You got nourishment over there, waiting for you, man
The other dude, youknowhatimsayin
Tell U Bar Allah, I said, whats good
Who was up in the spot last night


Word to the gold Panameras and to the wood grain in my Lambo
I go the extra mile, my flow scaffolds
Crew cuts, the older niggas, the game rumors, just the same goons
When niggas catch visions for killing capos
Palestinian armor, golden rocket launcher, my aunt
She copped it for me, bought it in Rwanda
See demon schemin', niggas get live in the Beacon
Im shaw to shank shit up like Morgan Freeman
Pussy getting rapper, rich nigga, one-on-one rents niggas
And incidents, my fingerprints been tore up
We sell love slingin' like Siemens, the snort-able Beemers
They love callin' niggas names out, you screamin'
Feds try to trap us and plus tap us, niggasll grab us
Throw you in the rassle, yo, clap ups
Catch me at the Stephen King mansion
With four of my Branson niggas
With me, me and Britney, a dancer
Know your shit authentic by the way your hat fit on you, with it
Im like the Blair Witch nigga in the rented
Curtains in the five-seven, chunky and short
Baggin' dope up in the backseat, your package's walk
Holdin' my girl wedding ring, she Medellin
Name is Beretta King, live in Alpharetta and she never leave me
Flow freely this is all graffiti, the cloth we cut from
Is straight from a rich nigga, greedy


Yo, Scarface gangstas, criminal niggas up in the trenches
Army coats on, playing the benches
Getting paper, sly, thats the motto, intelligent goons
Inside a hundred thousand dollar whip, follow


It's the Vacheron Don! Su Wu-Tang!
Still gritty, leave the pretty to the females
The watch mother pearl with the seashells
Pick of the litter, have this nigga picking paper up
Twitter thug, Im the timeline strangler
Get em up, banging dangerous as angel dust
Cuban Linx smokin' stink in the Brinks trunk
I run with killas who snort powder, extort cowards
Ankle monitors under garments, so fuck showers
I give a fuck what you talking bout
Mob meetings, we them only niggas walking out
Sparkin' purple once a nigga done spaghetti slurpin'
Fly away in my new, Scaglietti surfin'




Yo, we in the back roasting marshmallows
Bottles of Krug
The dialogue is the big chain niggas is rude
Law library scholars, potatoes over the thirty-eights
With bald-heads, all live wires
Eleven homes, six trust funds, came home from doing a dime
We just left Uns, straight up
And we standing over the stoves, in denim Gibaurds
Brought a Dairy Queen to Queens right next to Lowes
IMAX Theatres
Astoria Waldorf
Philip Drummond suite, pretty young thing suckin' my balls off
Bubble baths, hash, zooted up, eyes closed
Silk drawers, fronting in my key-lime pie Wallo's
And I still got a half a ki indeed, Frank Lucas shit
Hid it in coffins, flying over seas
And if you ever try to ruin my knight
Ima make sure my best pawn put like three in your kite
Shot caller, laying in big lofts
Rock of Gibraltar, my pinky joint, killing like Orca
Daytime hawker, a nasty street author
Me, Rae and Rick, uzid out in the porches
Case we gotta Warner bro, like Malcolm-Jamal
Ima Falcon, Seven Mike Vick with the ball
Cause I can hut-one, hut-two, disrespect
I hunt you down
Aint a muthafuckin' crew we cant run through




Army shit, nigga
Camouflage, gorilla shit, nigga
You know what it is, man
Yo, Lex, talk, yeah
Where ya man at
Lets go
Stay together, my nigga




Damn, this is for all my women
That been going through the struggle
On welfare, living the rough life
It's gonna be alright
Yes it yes uh
This is how we gonna do it
I want you to explain your story
Then I'mma tell you mines
Tell 'em


Hustlin, strivin, strugglin survivin (momma, momma)
Never realizing, that you were a diamond (momma, momma)
Through the sun or the rain, through the pain I'mma hold you down (hold you down)
Through the good or the bad times (I got love for you)
Through the stress and the heart aches (so much love for you)


It's not ya momma fault, it's ya fathers fault
It's your fathers fault your mother is an alcoholic
Confusin the brain from the booze and the pain
And plus he cheated on her, beated on her, smack-dab in the rain
She Lost her first child in 74
And that lead to nervous breakdowns Bacardi dark she downin it raw
She can't take it she constantly cryin fallin down on her knees
Like help me Lord please I'm ready to leave
All she needed was somebody to rub her feet
Give her a nice hug and rescue her from off these streets, come on




I been sent by an angel to snatch you up
Take you way above the clouds and back you up
At night you can lay in my arms feel the heart beatin
Don status in the sheets I'm keepin you warm
Ain't no nigga gon' do what I do
I'mma take care of you and ya kids
Take the bent and go handle ya biz
The bills is paid, the cable's back on
I quote you know the seeds want they Nickelodeon on
I'm not ashamed to support you
Floss you or gloss you out
Fat, skinny out of shape I'll dior you out




In the hood there's a struggle, my girl is in trouble
She's lacking guidance in the mind she's blinded and puzzled
Her pops never showed her the ropes
Her moms raised mad kids on her own
She never had a strong man in her home


Nothing in this life, sun don't always shine
But it can't rain all the time (everything's gonna be alright)
Somebody sees your pain. you will never hurt again
I see you momma, I see you momma
You can cry yours eyes (cry your eyes)
It will be alright (it will be alright)








Yo Ghost don't tell you about him, he got abducted, him and Raekwon
What?




(Yo yo guzzlin forties, let's get it on fella, no doubt)
The Walla-bee Champ comes back, Iron Man strikes back
(Lou Diamonds, Tony Starks) Raid your whole empire
No doubt!


Rich man, poor man, read the headlines
Niggas getting murdered for spots and bigger dimes
Droughts and drug wars
Living by gun law
Jailcats come home and want to take yours
As a young one, growing up broke me and my peoples
Had to sell coke, I guess we all in the same boat
Think it, plus drinkin that 90-proof
Playin' on the roof sayin'
We need a next man to shoot...




Yo, I know a rich kid, who got hit for three bricks
Showin off his 850 plush, with a nice whip
Young blood guzzlin' fourties hussled in a rain
Old Earth, shootin' dope in her veins
He never had it all, the kid loved basketball
Had a favorite song, "I Miss You" written by Aaron Hall
Now back to the original, neighborhood, criminals
Clocking dollars, by the hour like his digital
Styrofoam silencers, he rolled around with the
Wildest niggas peeling caps known as the Islanders
From Staten, where crazy clips be clappin
Slept in expensive gold spreads, threads made of satin
Labeled as the cow he had crazy beef
Seen him at the flicks, he pulled out on Duke, Hez and Latief
But he fucked up, he shoulda kept it real and went for kill
Cuz if he don't, these niggas with black barrels will
But, shit never calmed down, one day downtown
He dropped an ounce off
Money had slept like a nightgown
He rolled up in the Albee Square, relaxed like he lived in there
Two kids was beamin him, them niggas from the movie theatre
One had all Guess on, lookin like he had a vest on
The other Pelle Pelle tucked with a firearm
Movin slow, baseball hats, crazy down low
Word life God, this bookhead nigga gotta go
Oh shit! Bookhead, just bought a 5G head
A King Tut piece about the size of Little Maurice
We got to get him baby, no cousin, count to ten
I'm runnin in my first instance, is they're returning
The time is now, walked in and pulled out
Remember me, the nigga from the UA and you pulled out
Don't move don't even flinch Fix em up
Drop the head, don't want to get blood on the Tut
He burped, I shot him, bitch screamed out I'm robbin him
Had to hit him ten more times make sure I got him
Told the owner lay on the floor, shake the comedy
Granny came out blacked down with a half a shotty
I laughed, grab the King Tut head and the cash
Granny shot my man in the ass and broke mega glass
Damn, had to go out with a blast
I shot my way up out of the Albee fast

Oh shit, what the fuck?
This shit is horrible



Naw I say uh oh, uh oh, uh oh


Aced out yached out not givin a fruck
West side highway doin over a buck
Broad day its like Curtis May shotgun wit me
White airs, blue jeans this the top of dickie
I ain't picky, some sticky in the bitch to roll it
Phat ass Lui or Gucci or work to hold it
50 thousand big heads kind of hard to fold it
And I don't need needle or threat to say I sold it
Big money, big guns and all that stuff
Black brief case, one wrist handcuff
You get you man snuffed
Fuck 'em like G-O-D
Got that white boy sellin like pOD
And I ain't tryin to sun ya'll
Or some tough guy shit I just ain't scared to none ya'll
Run ya'll
Ten years strong, you one year weak
Ya'll ain't fuckin wit Sheek
Bark at the frawg


Yo Sheek---] Ghostface Killah
Wuttup nigga---] Sheek Louch
Show these mothafuckers yea the retail price---] Ghostface Killah
That cost to get they face blowned off---] Ghostface Killah
200 bean if that---] Ghostface Killah
Cuz is no lost 'em---] Sheek Louch
Niggas don't give a fuck if you come up short, naw---] Sheek Louch
You fuckin wit gangsta---] Ghostface Killah
Architecture niggas that pain all loosely---] Sheek Louch
Twist you back like we just twist the top of coolie, at the Oscars---] Ghostface Killah
Jane all doogie---] Sheek Louch
Stick up kids is the name of our movie, nigga---] Ghostface Killah


Yo I get married in crutch Velvet
Diamond chip shit that'll squash elders
You know the steez when I come through steamin my stones
Through on eight floor studed it out cleanin my chrome
I disinfect niggas, wash 'em, rinse 'em and hang dry 'em
Bang iron, to all top is pro-long cuz it takes science
No larceny, murder experts in the feds, yo they on to me
Like I murdered Vonny, me and Sheek Louch
We can regroup, we can recoupe
We eat leak soup, speed race across country in the mean coupe
We got whips and big chains at the day back routes
Enron money, they say we goin down on tax invasion
Tellin cops if they try to cuff us the max is sprayin
Finally the head in they hats where they badge is layin
On the floor right along where their colleague is prayin
Nigga, this is Theodore and D-Block
Fuck 'round and get your meat chopped




Ease back, whats that all about, huh?
I dare ya'll niggas tryin to play Sheek Louch out
Like I don't find talent like a Yankees Scout
Like I ain't still got it when papi on the drought
The hood got swear tryin to be circle
I don't give a fuck I'll leave a bunch dead Urkels
I don't pillow talk, I'll tell a ho what she need to know
I don't care if she thicker than pizza dough, I'm out standin
I ain't even landin in the same place I use to when I come down high
I wake up wit two bitches in between my thigh
And I ain't hollywood or rich, bitch I ain't Mcky
I just mad at tellin a good ass lie
Yo, nuttin 'bout me soft, I don't care if you got cake
Whateva, go'head go on brush you shoulders off
I be in the hood, Sheek Louch good





Modern girls!!

(sung)
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to for..

 - speaking over sung vocals
I say girls, girls, girls, girls
Reach out and clap your hands
I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan
And, bring the breeze, bring the breeze


And from the moment that I saw ya, I knew you was trouble
But I disregarded, detour signs
And did not stop til you was mine
I guess God was like, aight fine
Careful what you wish for, cause you just might get it in heaps
Try to give it back he be like - nah that's yours to keep
So poetic baby girl you make it hard to speak
My dream lover make it hard to sleep
.. I wrote a little song about it

In she came with the same type game
The hairdo, Prada shoes, brand new Gucci frame
Big thangs, so big you can't hardly explain
When she done crossed her legs, she make mind turn insane
Had seen her on the ave and spotted her, how I wanted her
Ass so fat she think police tryna follow her
What you lo-lo-love, expert in the bedwork corridor
Man see a touches her, man you'll feel sorry for
Hustlers, bubblers, jugglers, sufferers
All wanna know what her name and phone number was
They're spendin up their money like, post them up and touch her up
But it don't (?) tough, X-amount of (?)
Son, bwoy, African and tough, all nice and decent
A-yeah yeah, I'm tryin to ride with a diamond like you
Lookin pretty in the club, plus she love Mos and Wu


Ass wide and fat, breasts mad, hair wrapped
Wilma style, chunky, that's how I like my batch
You a rose from the hood, smoked out of 89
We headed back, you had a baby by Ron
But that's irrelevant, bygones is bygones
Calgon is Calgons, love it when you jump in Ghost thongs
Steppin out of B-B-Q's
'Member when we licked the cream out of Suzy Q's?
Spaghetti jewels, the big word on the street
You like Millie Jackson in the new Mack flick carryin heat
Or say with Oprah with a makeover, Billie Jean slash Dairy Queen
Fantasy is, can I eat you on the swing?
See it's written all over my face, Daily News
Big bold lettered, front page, Starks how it taste?

(sung)
.. forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to for..

 - speaking over sung vocals
To all the fine-ass ghetto troublemakers from all over the world
Ass from New York, to L.A., Miami to Atlanta G.A
Cakalaks, to the Bay.. any place in the world that they stay
Even Japan and the U.K., you know you got to


Watch out! Louisana jug wine and conk out
Throw her hands high and make her backside pop out
Watch out! If you don't have the V.I.P. lacq' out
Them big dollars they talk 'bout, just turn around and walk out
You better watch out! Exotic fabrics, speech in larynx
Think it's mid-day traffic, runnin game like the Mavericks
Makin time seem elastic when we stretch out and smash it
Then vanish like a phantom and hurt my understandin like WHAT??

(sung)
.. forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
For a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget
{*music gradually fades out*}

 - speaking over sung vocals
Special, special dedication
To all the fine-ass ghetto troublemakers, out in the world today
Some in this very party right here right now tonight
Some of them listenin to this song in they jeeps
Some of them listenin to this song at they job
Some of them runnin game on some cat right now
I want you to just rock and bounce to that
Rock and bounce to that

{*music comes back in*}


I say girls, girls, girls, girls
Reach out and clap your hands
I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan
And, bring the breeze, bring the breeze
Say girls, girls, girls, girls
Reach out and clap your hands
I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan
And, bring the breeze, bring the breeze
{*music and vocals fade*}




Yeah, testing one-two, one-two
Testing, one-two, yeah, one-two


I've lived the life of Sonny Carson
Favorite slacks was the baby blue knitted sharkskins
Custom made like the ace of spade
Switching robes when I leave the forum
In the sleeve is a classic date
Russian cut, mustard handle, bout the same size
Of little tight Shawn with his Nikes on, still blamp you
Vamp you, throwing homo's out they sandals
Leave your brain all chunky like I'm advertising soup from Campbell's
Bowl legged old man give me props, all I do is buy 'em a bottle
Hit 'em off, like "peace, pops!", Fishscale got the streets hot
All you gotta do is go on the road, with Dipset, Rae & D-Block
And that's how we take New York back (yeah)
Flex and the Pitbulls, Heavy Hitters, Kay Slay, Absolut
Camillo, Lantern, load the wax up, cock and shoot
Cypha Sounds, DJ Clue, Envy, next, Staten be the scoop


We them brick, flippin' niggas with Cash Rule, relax duke
Doctor bills, funerals, that's what cash do
Come around here, fronting, we'll splash you
Staten Island murder goons, cousin, we'll scratch you


Yo, heard some of ya'll singing like Lou Rawls
Try to fuck me, you gon' suffer from blue balls
Tone's a karate champ, shottie champ
You period niggas be spotting with bad cramps
Intestines looking like chitlings
All we need is hot sauce, my pork eaters, go and get rid of 'em
Kites and death threats, ya'll keep sending 'em
For every dart you throw, my last one's killing 'em
Like cancer patients, in the process, losing they hair
You'll be fighting for life, scratching and gagging
Panicking, gasping for air, suffocating from no-wind syndrome
Like somebody cut the neck of a deer
It's algebra in the third, Alfa Alfa with the gun to the rascal
Jessica Alba is one of my birds
Plus AlcaSeltzer's blowing up bursts
Out to melt you brain cells like Alien herb




Get lost in my hood, it's like you lost in El Mira
You might get poked up, smoked up, throat cut
Rocking them little fly chains, get yoked up
Ya'll Boar's Head niggas, ya'll just cold cuts
Victims of night time street horror, going home with casualties
The twelve gauge blew a path in your knee
That's what happens in war, when the high heaters don't eat
We creep, our stomach growls loud, so we don't sleep, tote heat
Won't speak, (we them), we them grill niggas, we smoke beef






Yeah, yo, there's a dozen ways to die, six million ways to do it
Let's go through it, my mind flow like fluid
Torture, chop your legs up, thrown off the boat
Guillotine, nigga, one chop to the throat
Suffocation, saran wrapping your face
Buried alive, throw a few nails in the case
Manslaughter, eight degrees of separation
Leave your body chopped up in a piece, that's mutilation


Six million ways to die, cyanide in your drink
Catch a Cuban necktie for your mink
Dahmer style, cut up and stuffed in the fridge
And maybe washed up ashore and found under the bridge
Hit him with the whip, drag him half a block
Machete or the sock full of padlocks
Chainsaw, switch your medication
Stomp a nigga out til he one with the pavement


Torture, he's gruely peaking at the meeting
Suspicions of him being a rat? Even worse than cheating
I'm cold reaking of ice picks, scratch and sticks and closed fists
Brassknuckle steel toe kicks
Cracked ribs, punctured lungs, hard breathing
He's gasping and wheezing for air, his breath he can't catch
He clinches the shirt on his chest
In a dying effort to reveal his last will before he was killed


First things first, I chop your head to your fingertips
Butcher knife your torso, chop up your ligaments
Make sure it's legitimate, conceal all my fingerprints
Chop, chop your body up quick then get rid of it
A hole in the desert, body bag, just polluted it
Your miss was a snitch too? Shotgun killed the bitch
Leave her in the wilderness, suffocated and scarred up
Your brother want more too, blow his fucking car up


Another homocide city, murder mystery efficiently
Delete your fucking history broke bone, missing teeth
Throw bones, it's slippery, brings on the triple beam
All topped and chopped up, my luck is a Mr. Clean
Clorax and vicious steam sterilized the whole scene
Photograph your death so I can spread it to your whole team
Won't leave a trace of evidence for the case
It's sinister to finish it, hit with the man with no face


Red wine and pink veal
Unknowing that this would be his last meal
Comfortable hes made to feel, six inch stiletto heel
Kept his refills filled
Titties like big ass, kept him still for the real deal
Hitman from Brooklyn, Tommy gun specialist
Our one accomplice, sipped Courvoisier at the bar
Then waited till she lit a cigar
Then sprayed
In shattered wine glass he lay, he never saw it coming


Yo, murder one, bullets went fast through the flesh
I cocked the sawed off shotty, put a hole in your chest
Blow your lungs out, I've seen you been smoking for years
You got no heart, I'll hunt you down like Cape Fear
Push your brains out the back of your head, blow off your hands
Leave your body in a dumpster, head in the trashcan
Cell catching scene look clean as a whistle
Ghost carved through your skin tissue til the bone grizzle




Yeah, yo, there's a dozen ways to die, six million ways to do it
Let's go through it, my mind flow like fluid
Torture, chop your legs up, thrown off the boat
Guillotine, nigga, one chop to the throat
Suffocation, saran wrapping your face
Buried alive, throw a few nails in the case
Manslaughter, eight degrees of separation
Leave your body chopped up into pieces, that's mutilation


Torture, he's gruely peaking at the meeting
Suspicions of him being a rat? Even worse than cheating
I'm cold reaking of ice picks, scratch and sticks and closed fists
Brassknuckle steel toe kicks
Cracked ribs, punctured lungs, hard breathing
He's gasping and wheezing for air, his breath he can't catch
He clinches the shirt on his chest
In a dying effort to reveal his last will before he was killed


First things first, I chop your head then your fingertips
Butcher knife your torso, chop up your ligaments
Make sure it's legitimate, conceal all my fingerprints
Chop shop your body up quick, then get rid of it
A hole in the desert, body bag, just filled the ditch
Your miss was a snitch too? Shotgun killed the bitch
Leave her in the wilderness, suffocated and scarred up
Your brother want more too, blow his fucking car up


Another homocide city, murder mystery efficiently
Delete your fucking history, broke bones, missing teeth
Blow bones to smithereens, brings on the triple beam
All topped and chopped up, mop buckets and Mr. Clean
Clorax and vicious steam sterilized the whole scene
Photograph your death so I can spread it to your whole team
But won't leave a trace of evidence for the case
It's sinister to finish it, hit with the man with no face


Six million ways to die, cyanide in your drink
Catch a Cuban necktie for your mink
Dahmer style, cut up and stuffed in the fridge
And maybe washed up ashore and found under the bridge
Hit him with the whip, drag him half a block
Machete or the sock full of padlocks
Chainsaw, switch your medication
Stomp a nigga out till he one with the pavement


Red wine and pink veal
Unknowingly that this would be his last meal
Comfortable hes made to feel
Six inch stiletto heel, kept his refills filled
Titties like big ass, kept him still for the real deal
Hitman from Brooklyn, Tommy gun specialist
Our one accomplice, sipped Courvoisier at the bar
Then waited till she lit a cigar, then sprayed
In shattered wine glass he laid, he never saw it coming


Yo, murder one, bullets went fast through the flesh
I cocked the sawed off shotty, put a hole in your chest
Blow your lungs out, I've seen you been smoking for years
You got no heart, I'll hunt you down like Cape Fear
Push your brains out the back of your hat, blow off your hands
Leave your body in a dumpster, head in the trash can
Cell catching scene look clean as a whistle
Ghost carved through your skin tissue, till the bone grizzle




Aiyo, what's wrong man? (Ain't na---, man
Yo these niggas over here frontin' on me and shit
Talkin' bout I was sayin' this and that in the '30's
Niggas gettin' whole shit twisted, like...)
Where them niggas at? Them niggas though be and stay on the block, over here?
(Yeah, son, them niggas... I don't know man...)
Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Yo... (yo, who that?)
Yo, it's Tone! Open the f**kin' door
Tell that nigga (bitch) -- tell that nigga Jack to come out...
Where Jack at? Jack!...


So you said what, now? You got the whole shit twisted
That was the other day, pa, you just like them bitches
Faggot ass niggas, stay bumpin' they gums
Tell me why you were dirtyin' cops out, you never run
Are you holdin' something in? That the hood don't know
'cause if you are, get to truckin', bitch, 'cause you gotta go
It's not a threat, it's a promise, I tell you, don't make your mamma feel it
You'll be rockin' a toe ring in the morgue, give problems to revealin'


Ya'll niggas kill me and ya'll, ya'll know ya'll booty
So please get your punk ass off the street
Please, please, do it for your family
Don't be stupid, don't make me use it
No, lord, 'cause you can't sell here, anymore...


Did you think I was playin'? When I told you before
You can't come back here, open you up like a pap smear
Actin' like you ain't got fear, nigga you get popped here!
Matter fact, I'm a street doctor, take the shot here!
Blaow, yo, I didn't smile, so, take off your jewelry, now then
So what you leg is bleedin' here, put this in your mouth and
Chew on the barrel of love, get lost in "lead-you" town
You look thirsty, I should of wet you down
But not now, you hear those sirens cryin'
Climbin', tryin' to Save Private Ryan
Bitch, nigga on the floor for lyin' and he whinin'
Diming on niggas, minin' your business
Perfect timin' for findin' bullshit sliders
Swine and sisters, he a wack nigga




(Aiyo, Hi-Tek, play that tune for me)
Yeah, yo, they wonder why I play my piano
Why I stay low-key, why I'm always in the studio
Heh, that's what I do, you playing with the game
I play my piano... yeah


Is it the love for the money or the love for the game?
Is it the love from the honies or the love for the chains?
Is it because, most of these little niggas is wack?
Or because the game is yelling "Bring that real shit back"?
Is it because of the limelight I'm just trying to be famous?
Is it cuz the game dying and I'm just trying to save it?
Maybe I'm just successful, so much I won't be cool with 'em
Maybe it's because I'm crazy, just in love with my music
Hi-Tek...


They wonder why I play my piano
You can't deny it if it's in you
Get that money, that monero
Wait any longer, it will stress you


Aiyo, flying through to Aspen in Claiborne glasses
Burning a Churchill, a bad bitch dumping the ashes
It's Bailey's on ice with big straws
Mongoloid rocks is gleaming while the twin Glocks stuffed in my drawers
Jadakiss baldy with chicks on me, bricks on me
French/German murder, Swiss Army, you can never snitch on me
I'm too strong, I'm spinning my web, across town
In rough places and black alleys, getting that bread
If I go broke I'll sell slabs of soap
Cheap bags of smoke, told y'all don't fuck with Tone Loc
It's a Staten Island thing, you could ask Alabin
We wilding without that guap we become very violent
Until then, I play the piano
Luciano on the bass, Mariano on the block with the saves
I'mma grind 'til my seeds is grey
Still young when I'm eighty, poppin Cialis and fuck all day (Huh)




Got the hood jumping, Champion sweats
Nike Flight suit, boots on, 'bout to put it in in the 'jects
Streets love killas, brothers with swords
Suede front, sprayed pumps, lobbies where the losses is bought
New shotties for the youngsters
Good trees, sit in the weeds, white T's on looking for Munsters
Everybody punched in, it's lunchtime
Look at the line, yo I moulded this design
See my gunsmiths {*gun cocks*}
We carry two four-five, trooper tight
But got that gun that shoot stupid fire
Bagging up work, I'm back on the Earth
About to make something happen fast, put a stack in my shirt
Yo, all the coverage you could hear
Mobster status, yeah, year of the great ones, a griz bear
Get mines, you know a nigga rip lines
It's part of the character, but other than that yo I'm on bitch time




Yeah, jump up, beat em down, get the step up...




Brother, I think that necklace is causing you too much trouble


My necklace had the whole crowd on some next shit
The guest list full of real niggas that's hectic
The charm piece made my niggas move like calm beasts
Palm beats, two jostling niggas with long reach
Keep your eyes open for them strong on thieves
Out here looking for ice to put in they teeth
Chain glowing shining and I'm ready for beef
Like my nigga 2 Chainz, cappuccino from the east
From the Wu-Tang Clan, my necklace and my heat
Bang bang, different robe every day of the week
2 Angels, dinner plate, fat dollar sign
Universal flag on, nigga, I got shine




I keep my neck frozen, .45 loaded, please don't approach this
Rope is so ferocious, diamonds that shine in oceans
Keep you arm distant from my carats, silly rabbits
Make me get my barrel, spazzed out and cause havoc
Iced out Cubans, exotic stones from Africa
This the real thing, big bling, the chain swing
Try to swipe mines, that's a no no, the God's loco
Jewelry truckin' fancy spend stacks upon Delancey
Exhaust pipes coughing horse kicks
ACP's dress up the flesh, now the crime scene's gorgeous
My links is unbreakable, told y'all on the Purple Tape
40 inches hang from my neck, nigga, I'm wealthy




Why you say that?
It's real, kill a nigga for this shit
Aha, yo relax sis


Dinner plates rings, smothered in 2 pounds of dope
Eric B on the cut when it blings
Scrubbin' chain down in Colgate, double edged bangers
On they hips I wait in the jaw break
The snakes and the violators, Dracula style takers
We got a bunch of gold balls, but we ain't the Lakers
Hey bitches, stay lickin' my necklace
And I ain't even put the dumb bitch in the guest list
That's what you get when you throwin' on Cuban's
Drawers that's made from silk, a robe and a Ruger
Crack heads catchin' a sweet vix on a scooter
Catch me for my chain, it belongs on a shooter
Lucky my shit blow like a horn on a tuba
You might as well do me now cause I will do ya




God-Cipher-Love-Divine in math 79
Bright yellow and dense in its gift and shine
Still the same when exposed to air and water
Like when amongst thieves you  travellin' across the border
The brink of the metal link when in transition remains solid
The message was lost in transmission
That's often in a free elemental form
Nuggets and grains and rocks and things that's norm
Malleable ductile metal on many levels
Get you shot for a Flintstone, killed for a pebble
Lieutenants and Generals move with criminals
The pride for all in line, they hunt for mineral
The scope is on the rope, claws on the table
Brass knuckle, knees buckle, legs unstable
And it's sold by the weight
Shaped into a plate with food on it
The hungry wolves lie in wait




Tu Tin-To. So you're the tigers of Tinan, bastard, you're gonna pay for this, you'll die here. I'll use the tiger strike to kill you all. I'll show you the three different strokes. Forest Tiger! Win Tiger, Winmau Tiger!



{*Carl Thomas harmonizing*}


Yeah, damn mom
It's gone be aight, don't worry about it
Knowha'msayin, I'mma just go
I'mma just pack my shit
Peace out, aight
Don't worry about it
I still love you though


I'll never be the same again (I'll never be the same again)
I'll bet you'll never understand (I'll bet you'll never understand)
The things you put me through (Ooooohhhh)
I tried to be a better man (I tried to be a better man)
But you'll never understand, noooooo
Now it's time that I move on (Move on!)


Aiyyo I gave you everything and you still fucked my head up
Children (I'm sorry Ghost) Not now, shut up
Got back off the road, heard you sleepin with fam
The whole hood ran up on me, I was like "Damn!"
So I stepped back, sized the whole situation patiently
Arguments, face up in the air like you hatin me
Ask you one question, was it good?
He have you on the wall like me, was it
Hood?
You probably showed him your sexy faces, how you ride on top
Grabbin the
Sheets, in a deep zone if he hit the spot
I came home on Friday, Saturday I found out
That night I cried with the kids
I was out
And my man, I'mma do him in
And the Lord knows best what I'mma do to him
And you can keep the crib - all I'm sayin is
Let me find out you got men around my kids




It was the beauty that caught me and held my soul hostage
'Member those days had you smellin my boxes
Old Gold up in the hood and Big Dup
We could push through the grimiest streets, then throw it up
Like "That's my nigga!"
Anybody got somethin bad to say, son'll come through and deliver
Brushin off his 88 clocks, y'all can't touch him
I bet a wad on it, y'all can't fuck with him
Semi-shy, and I'm laid back, crystal hats
Heard ya water broke I was like "Phewww" and ran back
I ran back fast, broke my arm in the mix
To find out that bird nigga tappin my shit
It's alright 'do, maybe he came up with the right dough
Bigger dick, I don't know, must have been the best flow
This thing here, ever man in the world goes through
But fuck that, I put alotta money up, I'm hatin!



 2x
It was like ecstasy girl
Found out it was dizzin ya world
Had us livin in a fantasy world
I wish we never broke up girl


Aiyyo you killed me with that
"Who bought this?" I bought that
Knowin damn well in reality you bought jack
You ain't lift one finger, but you claimin what's yours
Runnin all through the house, bugged out, slammin doors
We used to dress like twins - sweats, baby blue Timbs
You even scratched my Benz, let the pigs in
You think that I'm the biggest bird in America?
Catch me on TV, I'm come back, never the...

 2x






Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D


I believe there's a God above me
I'm just the God of everything else
I put holes in everything else
"New God Flow," fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Push ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the yay as a wholesaler
I think its good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think 99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him, yuugh!
Matchin' Daytonas, rose gold on us
Goin' HAM in Ibiza done took a toll on us
But since you overdo it, I'ma pour more
Well if you goin' coupe, Im goin' four door


Shake that body, party that bod-
That's rare, nigga!
Shake that body, party that bod
Ric Flair, nigga!
Shake that body, party that body
Yeah, nigga!
Come and have a good time with G.O.D
Yeah
Shake that body, party that bod-
Woah
Shake that body, party that bod-
Woah
Shake that body, party that body
It's the new God flow, niggas
Come and have a good time with G.O.D
Yo


Step on they necks 'til they cant breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by threes
Line them all up and let's just see
Fuck em 'Ye, fuck em 'Ye!
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier
(Woo!) They shit is shoppin' at Targt
(Woo!) My shit is luxury Balmain (Ay!)
I'm balling, Amar'e
A nick sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown, nigga? (What?)
What's a circus without you clown niggas? (Hah)
What's a brick from an outta-town nigga
When you flood and you can drown niggas? (Yuuugh)
Here's the G.O.O.D. Music golden child
M.A. dollar sign, can't nobody hold me down


Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D


Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and Lebron know
I'm living three dreams: Biggie Smalls', Dr. King
Rodney King's, uhh
Cause we can't get along - no resolution
'Til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naww man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made somethin' from nothin'
Picture workin' so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to? I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the god go, in his Murcielago
From workin' McDonalds, barely payin' the car note
He even got enough, to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him, right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man, the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service, if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy, not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate, anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye


Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D


Yeah nigga, yeah I had my, I had my Jesus piece since 94
I dont know what I, I dont know what y'all talkin bout
And my eagle  still got it all in the bag, B
All I did was play possum
Yo, come on


Six hundred Cuban cigar in the big tub
Medallion on, Dove soap on the fresh cut
With soap suds on the Mac-11
My big lion havent ate since twelve, and its after seven
We feed the nigga like forty chickens
His tail wag when I send him a bag with just one victim
Uh-huh, now let me show you what my closet on
Gems in the display case, call it a rock-a-thon
I got soccer moms payin' for cock
Asians get it from behind while they cleanin their wok
Comin' with flows that is toxic
Deadly fumes when I'm in the room
Repercussions occur when you dry snitch
Red light, green light, one, two, three
Look mean, got my machine, cried and hit you, please
Say shake that body, scar up that body
Should I kill him now Tone? I said probably
Side bets are four and better
Bust hammers with pot holders
And yo, dead a cow for his fuckin' leather
Im not bow-legged but old school like Redd Foxx
My favorite color in my hustle days was red tops
My gold eagle arm shitted out a red rock
Threw it off my project roof, saw red dots
Kanye, shine a light on my Wallabees
You can have a good time with G.O.D


Shake that body, party that bod-
That's rare, nigga!
Shake that body, party that bod-
Ric Flair, nigga!
Shake that body, party that body
Yeah, nigga!
Come and have a good time with G.O.D
Yeah
Shake that body, party that bod-
Woah
Shake that body, party that bod-
Woah
Shake that body, party that body
It's the new God flow, niggas
Come and have a good time with G.O.D
Yo


G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
I don't know but I've been told
(I don't know but I've been told)
If you get fresh get all the hoes
(If you get fresh get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody please pick out they clothes
(Somebody please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!




Uh-huh, what up, son? Yeah
Maintaining, maintaining, you know?
You good, right? Everything proper, still, right?
Of course, come on, man, what's the matter with you, man?
Ain't nothing, I just want us to be on


Tell a friend, it's that symbol again, that W
Coming through, bust a shot on your block, give me a Soo!
Get it right, all my chicks hold ya tits, let's get it in
All my niggas take a toke off this weed, let it begin
Here we go, yo, ya'll already know what it do
Brand new, nigga, back from the slums, it be the Wu
Now throw ya W's up, back from the slums, it be the Wu


You know how to dress a lad, get rocked, hundred bags, black doorags
Ski masks is on, g-rags
Don't try to take pictures, relax, still in the grass
You'll learn respect, burst when I ask
Rhyme master busy, Rizzy on the subject
Love Deck, thug buried, drug vest, snub sets, iller than most
Night time toast, gorillas in boats, three votes
Realers is killa, gangsta feel notes
Hibernation yo, switch up, liver nation, fly information
Vivid vacation, deliberation moments
Move like '91 Romans, cloning everything
Gents only, the rent's on the stove, I'm in Rome
Maxed out, Amex style, my team brand bandits
Make a move and get blown off the planet, baby
Hold that cannon, just understand we got the whole shit
Padlocked down, my niggas won't have it




Aiyo, jumping out of Benz wagons, my family live in the Hill
They call us Bin Ladins, laughing, turbaned up
Faggot niggas get murdered up, these streets is like radio beef
So watch how the kid turn it up
Bulletproof tuxes, knuckle games is clobbering and busters
Eighteen niggas, bringing the ruckus
Flame throwers on our backs and shoulders, the rusty joints still work
The trey eight'll blow one of your dojas
When theres mad heat, he the mad calm, walk around
Gold collect, 36, so before G bomb
My inner strength flowing, I mastered Qi-Gong
Ya'll Planet of the Apes, standing next to King Kong
Forensic file, ultraviolet hype, sky blue Bals
Laying niggas like ceramic tile
I'm like Urlacher, beasting at the top of the pile
Kneeing niggas in the nuts, nigga, damn I'm foul




We blow money, got game, hungry, we pop things
Look for me, grams in my pocket, Chef cook for me
Blue Magic bundles, I'm dope, but on the humble
I'm a good dude, don't short change me, seen as a hood rule
Beer drinking, Cuban Linking, new way of thinking
Got me thinking Meth, break the handcuffs, run out the precinct
This is hard body, hard knocks, if you pushing that hard rock
Then let these niggas go off top
We rock fitted, dropkick it, I lived it and not quit it
I pithed it, my pops sniffed it, need business, I'm not finished
I'm *burns himself* too hot wit it, you bitching, the plot thicken
I'm shitting the Glock, spitting, if nigga don't stop snitching
Just what the block missing, the two-seater wit the top missing
And two divas wit they tops missing
Now that's living to me, I'm what these kids is killing to be
But I don't want my children to be






This is that, Rikers Island, not slipping rap flows
For them box bitten bing monsters, sniffin' that blow
Block covers know the style, triple that dough
Forty cal. for them cock suckers, sittin' back slow
What y'all know about coke pies, give 'em that low
I mouth them before the bowtie resemble cash flow
Rap NY, no lie, my side is back Ghost, so hot
Crooked cops are searching your asshole, it's the drop
That freeze niggas right where they stand for the gwap
Niggas'll play Pac and pop with they man, it don't stop
We up top, but we locked and landing
He roadblock, he flow shots, get Ghost and scram
Gingerbread niggas on the run from feds
Shit is sick, pretty chicks'll put a gun to ya head
Never a vic', either think quick or end up dead
Cuz when we flip, what's left to be said? New York
New York, New York, New York


"New York, New York"
"Number One"
"New York, New York"
"Keep it real" "I get ill"
"New York, New York"
"Number one"
"New York, New York"
"The city" "I gotta get in"


You know the town stupid, this is all authentic ground
You can get poked, grabbed and choked, then shot up, for product
Bank holders stay in the lab, too many dumb niggas is scheming
You can get murked up in the cab
Shout out to niggas that be jerking tags, rollin' in Jags
Good boy leathers, hood boys'll blast you
Niggas that carry ones and hit grass
And love hip hop, the shit that bring money outta ziplocs
Protect your dome, I'm warning you, what harm I do to the kid
I have you on the floor with ya armor loose
Break the raw down and sign truces
Then switch the next muthafuckin' date, fuck all excuses
When you see me it's real, I'm just a natural born hustler
The castle where they wrap you in plastic, duke
So every soldier that's armed, remind your general
It's critical, you might stay a night, if you presentable




Yo, we was raised in the dead arm district
Before guns was called biscuits, Stapleton was on that hood shit
Live from the New York borough, keeping it thorough
Bunch of snakes in the grass, stay creepin' like squirrels
Cuz a snitch gon' crack that nut, don't give a fuck
Did ten hours long and try to wrap us up
He dry snitching, post up in the whip with a fly wisdom
Hopped out to get a dutch, but he left with his wig splitten
We from New York, my city never sleeps (No)
We runnin' with a hundred heats
When beef pop off, we ain't the one to speak
Dressed in all black, driving sixteen hurses
With sixteen niggas, dropping sixteen verses
Big faces, bolgin' outta big green purses
Stuck ya man for his vegi's and his lame ass circus
So I dare niggas act up, y'all niggas act up
Now like cars in reverse, y'all better back up






Talk about, whether get ice, yo
Shorty got here without yo
Silver bags, check it, yo, yo, yo


I love the summer, warm weather, still rockin', all leather
Black bag, black beretta, all night cheddar
Shorty's cluckin' on the block, talkin' bout who's clothes is better
While the thugs on the block talkin' bout whose pussy wetter
Spanish fly in the air, mad shorties everywhere
Smokin' blunts in the stairs, run my fingers through her hair
Gas 'em up, give 'em backstage passes to X.L
Wit Black Ice, end of the night, we hit the hotel
Oh well, summertime bring out the dog in the God
I see that thong through the spandex, and my dick get hard
Got a get a little piece of that boo, you know how we do
I love it when you wearin' see-through, cuz I can see through
Pick up a bag of lethal on the Ave
Meet Ghost in the town, let him take a few drags
Professor on the Nextel, pollyin' wit Bagz
From Philly to New Yiggy, son, we stay gettin' cash, worldwide


I can't even front on you baby (I can't even front)
Gettin' money and flossin' it (flossin')
Big pimpin' and ballin', baby (ballin')
Every night of the summer (every single night)
We the ones to bring it back (we the ones)
No doubt, it's no doubt (no doubt)
This is how we livin' it out (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Every night of the summer


This summer I'm trynna lay low
Cruisin' down Maine in the Hummer
Make a stop, grab a few rubbers
Call a few numbers, meet up wit friends
Barbeques everywhere, we all up in here
Shorty's rob the X.L., slow dancin' in bras and underwear
Lapdancin', christenin' the chairs
Ya bitches know legend got the private pools
So when the pussy get hot we make them profit move
I'm tellin' you, time to ball
Shorty's mud fightin' in thongs, playin' our song
Wet t-shirt contest, hard dick in my palm
Lovin' it all, New York to Pennsy', Shaolin to Philly
Heineken's and illy, we blaze thoroughly
Professor, sit and relax I got this baby


And we blaze, we blaze...




Aiyo, it's Ghost Deini, toast, to the album of the year
Wu money, hit, the platinum and yea
It's for the seeds, let's put the future in their hands
Blueprint their plan, college cars and grands
We champs, see the dance is in our stance
And the truth is in the speakers and the proof is in the air
Wallies on holidays, Dennis Coles and Rose
Plenty shows and dough, and still glow without spendin'
Man, these jars wit bees in 'em, look at the seeds run
Hopscotch and double dutch, poppin' bubble gum
Wife-beaters wit all white sneakers, Yankee hats six 7/8th's son
Sat right on my face






We-we-we sound and tell the people
About the musical disc coming your way!
(Buck-bu-bu-buck! Brrr-bu-bu-buck!
Ghostface Killah!)


I'd love to make you happy, buy an island off Miami
Feed your mother and your family, my wildest fantasies
Take place, overlooking real high mountains
They wrote our name in the sky, see baby, we bout it!
This is all us, Adam and Eve if you want
This time, we respect God's work from the jung'
That's all you ever said, Ghost fed, many heads
Broke dead, I'm going bald, girl, I can't grow dreads
Kiana told Deb, on the moped
CiCi Vet on the beach steps give me slow neck
She's lyin', she be on X
She's tired, she a house wreck (that's right)
Don't buy it, tell me why you said that ("Cause you left me...")
I never left you, you left me
You thought if you break out from the kids, you'll be stress free
Talkin' bout it, baby, you my first lady
You let me suck up on them nipples
When I get cranky, and taste your kitty

So girl, won't you on come back down to Earth
Once you land on the Rock, you gonna always see a dirt
Face first, they the worst, they searched and searched
And the worst, don't it hurt, my love, stay alert


Two things that you can't touch: My money, my girl
The he-say and she-say could f**k up your world
Playa-haters, perpetrators, house-breakers
Can you see the fact that nigga try'nna live life?
I was raised in a jungle, and stumbled on hills
And didn't nobody ask me on how did I feel
But that sugar and my spice, that's wife
She's my lady, and we just wanna live right, uh


Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
No, no, no... you don't love me and I know now...
No, no, no... you don't love me, yes, I know now...
Tell the people (I see you)
Tell the people (I see you)
No, no, no... I'll do anything for...




We-we-we sound and tell the people
About the musical disc coming your way!
(Buck-bu-bu-buck! Brrr-bu-bu-buck!
Ghostface Killah!)


I'd love to make you happy, buy an island off Miami
Feed your mother and your family, my wildest fantasies
Take place, overlooking real high mountains
They wrote our name in the sky, see baby, we bout it!
This is all us, Adam and Eve if you want
This time, we respect God's work from the jung'
That's all you ever said, Ghost fed, many heads
Broke dead, I'm going bald, girl, I can't grow dreads
Kiana told Deb, on the moped
CiCi Vet on the beach steps give me slow neck
She's lyin', she be on X
She's tired, she a house wreck (that's right)
Don't buy it, tell me why you said that ("Cause you left me...")
I never left you, you left me
You thought if you break out from the kids, you'll be stress free
Talkin' bout it, baby, you my first lady
You let me suck up on them nipples
When I get cranky, and taste your kitty
So girl, won't you on come back down to Earth
Once you land on the Rock, you gonna always see a dirt
Face first, they the worst, they searched and searched
And the worst, don't it hurt, my love, stay alert


Two things that you can't touch: My money, my girl
The he-say and she-say could fuck up your world
Playa-haters, perpetrators, house-breakers
Can you see the fact that nigga try'nna live life?
I was raised in a jungle, and stumbled on hills
And didn't nobody ask me on how did I feel
But that sugar and my spice, that's wife
She's my lady, and we just wanna live right, uh


Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
No, no, no... you don't love me and I know now...
No, no, no... you don't love me, yes, I know now...
Tell the people (I see you)
Tell the people (I see you)
No, no, no... I'll do anything for...




Whoa... oh, whoa...
Shareefa... oh


From the blocking, to the dropping
I need a girl that's stacking and popping
When I come in late, she's not clocking
Not in the crib, throwing 'round pots and
Nice girl, that's clean, that was raised to cook
Be on the couch chilling, shorts on, reading a book
Biting on a pen, thin glasses on
French type frames by Yves Saint Laurent
Say hey pretty mama, do you fit the bill
Do you got what it take for you to fit in my wheel?
Would you bust that steel if, niggas came to kill me
Protect that safe, baby, dag, that's filthy
Whoa, somebody let her know up in here
He like Papa Smurf, I'm like Papa Bear
I'm just looking for a queen, so I can rock her ear
Tell her P. Tone in here, I got her locked this year


I'm not your average girl
I be your Bonnie right beside you
No need to worry, boo, I got you, yeah
I'm not your average girl
See me without you is unlikely
Them other bitches they not like me, oh, wow


You can have keys to the boat, money follow me
I got the cheese and the yolk, plus the juice
That's fresh squeeze with the pulp, mama got a big butt
Tiffany chain, the stones freeze in the throat
Love to hold my hand, stepping off planes from D.R
Luggage with a big black tan
Whatcha gonna do? You or him, me or you?
Fucking with him, you look mad pitiful
Boo, I'm not the type that be slobbing down hoochies
Looking at these hoes, eyes low like Droopy
Tugging on my jacket til the lights come on
We run trains on them bitches, never ice they arm
That's a no-no, chicken heads looking for a come up
In the club, 'oh my God', now they wanna run up
Nagging til the sun up, shut up, I'm not a double-up, boo
Go get your feet done, your toes, cuz they knuckles up




Baby, baby, don't waste your towel
Looking any further cuz the girl is ours
Holds it down for you, any place, any time
You already know, I'm the one, yeah, I'm that
Fly girl, rider, just say the word
Anything pop off, it's us against the world
Such a hood girl, with that dirty loving that'll make your toes curl


Yo, relax and chill, analyze the story
Love, your boy Tone got mass appeal
All them other little players ain't as half as real
They just wanna get up in you like Massengill
But me, I need a wisdom, play it like wifey
Well mannered, understand the kid and not bite me
All my real ladies, put your hands up
Holla at your boy, if you ain't a groupie, right now, stand up






From the righteous mind of Allah, he powers my soul
Teaching me positivity in the whole
How to walk amongst the evil and smile in the face of death
To speak knowledge and wisdom til my last breath
I'm a humble brother, got love for another
Body heaters wouldn't keep you warm under the covers
Make peace not war, make babies some more
Keep a smile when you travel from shore to shore
Superficial, don't get sucked into the scene
The grass ain't always green, the meat ain't always lean
Make sure it's halal, no pork on the fork
No swine in the cupcake, feeling we know it's pork
Keep your Quran handy, keep it close to your heart
See the dumbest fall from smart
I spark a light in the dark
Follow me, I'ma pray til the sun shines over me
Pray til the righteous ways is taking over me




Scientific, my hand kissed it
Robotic let's think optimistic
You probably missed it, watch me Dolly Dick it
Scotty Wotty copped it to me, big microphone hippie
Hit Poughkeepsie crispy chicken verbs throw up a stone richie
Chop the O, sprinkle a little snow inside a Optimo
Swing the John McEnroe, rap rock'n'roll
Ty-D-Bol, gung-ho pro, Starsky with the gumsole
Hit the rum slow, parole kids, live Rapunzel
But Ton' Stizzy really high, the vivid laser eye guy
Jump in the Harley ride, Clarks I freak a lemon pie
I'm bout it, bout it - Lord forgive me, Ms. Sally shouted
Tracey got shot in the face, my house was overcrowded
You fake cats done heard it first
On how I shitted on your turf that time
Cuban Link verse yo
Check out the rap kingpin, summertime fine jewelry dripping
Face to the box, I seen your ear twitching
As soon as I drove off, Cap' came to me with three sawed-offs
Give one to Rae', let's season they broth
Lightning rod fever heaters, knock-kneed a Sheeba for hiva
Diva got rocked from the receiver bleeder
Portfolio, looking fancy in the pantry
My man got bigger dimes son, your shit is scampi
Base that, throw what's in your mouth, don't waste that
See Ghost lamping in the throne with King Tut hat
Straight off


Yeah.. yeah
I just want y'all niggas
Smack all y'all niggas, and niggarettes
Universal death threats, yeah
This be the God Body
Yeah no doubt, Judge Wise


Aiyyo spiced out Calvin Coolers, lounging with 7 duelers
The Great Adventures of Slick, licking with 6 Rugers
Rock those, big boy Bulotti's out of Woodbridge
Porch for the biggest beer, season giraffe ribs
Rotissiere ropes, hickory cinnamon scented glaze
Perfected find truth within self, let's smoke
All hail to my hands, 50 thou' appraisal
Dirty nose with the nasal drip, clique flipped on fam
Dancing with Blanche and them bitches, flicking deuce pictures
Kick down the ace of spades, snatch Jack riches
Olsive compulsive lies flyers with my name on it
Dick made the cover now count, how many veins on it
Scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap
Ten years working for me, you wanna tap shit?
Bong bong bong! Your bell went rung rung rung!
Staple-Land's where the ambulance don't come


Yeah, you see what I mean?
You see what I mean, you motherfucking crybabies?
Get in line punk! You should be studying your arts
Instead of studying me
That's how you lost your first job punk
Now get in line, before you get your lil' thick ass tossed up!
Shit! I studied under Bruce Lee nigga
He was on the fourth, I was on the third


Pass me a honey-dipped spliff, black mental cause continental drift
One whiff of Pow U gets my Divine stiff
Brick rock, late night, hear the tick tock of my clock
I used to run up and pick, a crab lock
Hit his stash, dip back, to the Lab, make him flip
Uptown, BOO-DOOP, now we back on your ave
Incognito, fatal aikido blow, pop a needle
Dick a knock-knee ho, bust out her fetal
Nine inch long strong, Bobby pop the bitch thongs
Spit on her, then I bang on my chest like Kong King
Merciless Ming, point the killer bee sting
Ring dings, right through your head bing
Snap the wing off of bats, my battle-axe tongue hacks tracks
Once the ball drop, I'mma snatch ten jacks
Pass the crack to a niggarette, puff a loose leaf cigarette
While your man search the internet for Bob Digitech
In Stereo, crazy as Shapiro
Multiply myself ten times standing next to zero
And snap my fingers like the Fonz
And bag me a golden bronze skinned girl with the honey blonde
Dip hair, make a nigga flip in his chair
Had the armpit shaved off perfect with the Nair
Stomach flat as a pancake for her man's sake
Used to fuck her when she menstruate, but it made her hyperventilate


Brooklyn! I know, I know, I know, I know
Queens! I know, I know, I know, I know
Shaolin! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Bronx! I know, I know, I know, I know
Jersey! I know, I know, I know
Long Island! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, break it down!




Yo yo word up!
Look who's back in the joint
It's The Odd Couple in the spot
Ghostface and C-Don, for real!


It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!


Yea, for real, for real
(Eh yo, chop this niggas man
It's time for me to splash 'em)
STEP OFF!


Eh yo we million dollars Sinatra's, jewellery truck
Vest did it up, chop shop it
Walked out in Babe Ruth, ex-song, hammer-throw heads
Brought by Je-sus with the grey goose
Famous for The Book of Greed, long nose
King Bentley, 9th Prince will decease, made of Ginseng
Seen it? It's real, liver than chase Manhatten
Word on Staten I was clappin with the Captain
My style is gangsta, bulletproof Guess shorts
I'll fuck you up and come through in a horse
We like Shaft outta Africa, graham cracker wild
Beneath this side, four or five gold teeth
On my neck be the Brolic shit, hurricane CREAM
Guerilla shit, flashin the ill data things
Excalate, sure raids, chez with the straps on
John jumper, Eleanor Bumpur with the Mac
Me and C. Goines, bible material
Words collide, we might pop up in your cereal
Rock you twice, rock your wife
Best known for drives on bikes
Tell your man to stop sendin me kites
We Tigers Woods in the 'hood
The Odd Couple up to no good
Diane's son and plus what's-her-name's-son


It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!
It's like yo the belt is our's, bitch-ass mothafuckas!
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. son, we back y'all!


It's The Odd Couple!
Ghostface and C-Don, for real!


I melt 4-30, hands clustered
I walk around dusted, Big Don with the gold plate
Pop the cork, buttersoft lights, pop guns at the pork
New York, catch you on the elevator
Catch you for your watch and your Alligators
Blast first, funny style niggas, manipulators, FUCK OFF!
It's The Odd Couple, see you in the Range, bullets start the exchange
Supreme Clients, y'all niggas can't see us
Spit track like an 8-ball, ready to brawl
All for one, all for Pillage, run y'all across stage
Come in your state, bust down your gate
Throw spit like a tre'-8, Ghostface
Live on the crack tour with Bigga C-Don
Crack your jaw when it's on
Crack you in the face with a bottle of Dom Perignon
Fuck Antoine, fuck my Bentley homes
My wife start fillin pits with hoes
Front pole, snatch 'phones out your earlobe




It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. son, we back y'all!


Y'all mothafuckas don't know how to act when y'all hold somethin, huh?
It's time to give that shit up now nigga, for real
The Blair Witch is back yo
(Straight up! The Don of all Dons, word up, for real nigga!)
Y'all little bitch niggas
When y'all see me none of y'all niggas better say peace
For real!
Y'all niggas don't be holdin this shit
Y'all frontin
We let it slide for a couple of years and shit
Yeah, for real, it's like..
Y'all mothafuckas know boy




Tell Mel Shawn to come in
Word, yo, one life to live
It's on your head
Just like my daughters
That's my word!
Polka dot
Connection
Shine just apostle


Yo, my whole body like a spoiler kid, draped in the latest hits
Both hands, two glass cutters, cops'll alter this
Cream of Wheat steez pushed back, we in a spaceship
Like the Jetsons, ashtray slide refreshments
Automatic bubble yo, straight off the Benz
Dac double Daniel unrockable fam milk the same yo
Fuck you, Duel of the Iron, Tony win a Oscar
Legendary rah, wicked Phantom of the Opera
Blow fish the movie's over, die with a slow kiss
Tongue kiss the neck and it's, mucus from a locust
Stand on fly, Mel-a-chi is on standby
The Y chormosome with the X that multiplies, yo


Word on block is that half the King Killer Beez
Rap's under seige, Guyanese guns
I got European funds, my ice don't melt
Shaolin is felt, mathematics is my rod
And my staff, I pray like this
I break mics in half, shit realism
Fuck Moet and baguettes, that get paid off
Or get laid off, I spray New York
I'm an angel, at war with the rappers
Good black women sleep over at Cappa's
I fall into it, Mr. September
Rock my long FUBU shirt in the winter
I respect my kind, plus pack a nine
Daytime outfit superb outlet
Staten Isle in effect, y'all in the manor
If you can feel Don down it Atlanta
I'm a poet, my work is never done
Law of Park Hill, my mic is stage one
Fifty-five tribes, in Psalms 30
Caution, sometimes my thoughts get dirty
Somethin precise, hold back the pressure
My unit too nice, you only got one life
To live, think twice
(Think twice think twice twice twice twice)


Yo, aiyyo we swindle, make moves, PJ out the window
Flamingo, Santa Domingo, let's Kringle
Bruce Wayne diggin graveyard rocks and swingin
Multimillions, rap pavillion stay G'in


This year, we throw darts in the air
To let y'all know this shit is severe
Ohhhhhhh Donnn-na, Ohhhhhhh Donnn-na


Dove nice Mary Jane bitches Bud Light
Co-production I spoke to Christ, shoes were light
Statueheads all up in my lab like mad
Empty bags are lyin in the yard, welfare
Dead weight yo, cables that clamp around the neck
Sucrets fast Corvettes, tecs on my rest
Sabotage, rap motor large, Mickey caught a charge
Credit card scam, when he couldn't rock the Wu skull
Fuck yeah, televise the shit on Fox
Big Ghost'll grab the jim and un-fasten your box'
You're allergic to the fungus on Earth, Killer Bee
Headquarters is work, Khadafi body in his turf
Yo, shame on, all y'all niggas on some Baywatch shit
Soundin like me, suckin my dick
Pretty Tone, long live the great Cappadon
Cappadon...


... as I get it on
I'mma take time to wait for y'all niggas to stop
It ain't enough room for y'all cats to sound chop
In a class by myself I hold the foundation
Face to face, I make my affiliation
Short and brief, I make out with the looseleaf
In the struggle, ten years after the beef
I choose to come forth then pronounce my sin
If it's not the felonies or the color of my skin
I'mma keep switchin my gear, again and again
From the trainin camp I drive past V.I.N
It be Wu-Wear for life, my team is top billin
More sacrifices, create better livin
My darts came to save the world like Blue Ribbon
Protect seeds, and protect black women
Raised in the Pillage right now we just driftin
Ferry boat niggas make a whole lotta difference
Drama, if you slackin up in the business
Godly from the Group Home always got biscuits

Ohhhhhhh, Donnn-na (repeat 4X)

"A killer should not be known, he must be discrete - understand?"




Aiyo I roll like a Bat Out of Hell, evil acapell's fly
Spitting out of my grill before I hit the sky
With springtime colors, juicy as a Sunkist
Certain broads double Dutch this, they carve it in they wrist
Pillsbury blazes, straightening combs left on the stove
Crumbs in my lady hair, plus yours, the look gold
God, the old chain and ball technique, got these
Vegetable lasagne niggas in they whips, jumping out they seats
18 Bronzeman Part II
We like Dorothy Hamill on ice, we in your hood we might circle
Hats down low in the Range, switch lanes Change my tire, peel out, real loud on the stage yo
I shitted on your hood kid, I shitted on your hood
Got to your burner too late, I'm looking real good
Draped out, shining like a fresh fifty cent piece
"Yo girlfriend, come here, oh shit, you my man's niece"
The gourmet pocket twenty, bombs made of clay
Sexcapades take place, we fucking forty eight shades
Might walk up in your studio, time slap your engineer
Lighter fluid to DAT style, hand me the matches now


Aiyo rainbow Roley on the wrist, now what's this
Niggas bless this, eight and a half, Bally banana twist
E shakes, puffing on lye, feeding the seed's plate
Pulling out old .38s to rob gates
Major wake up, the kid tell tales, make a nigga head wake up
Beats break, the nigga whipped, take off his time
Honolulu status, gladdest, the rich rock cabbage
And dollar vans grands, that nigga mad savage
Stationary Hall of Justice, niggas came clumped out
Just came home, now they bunked out
Money be longer than triple life, till the Sun burn out
That's my word, move it with the burner out
Fidel way of thinking, roll with the Mac bent Ac-10
Most of my team, Five Percent
Check what the live said, rolling with Guess vests pedestrians
Yo, holding my nuts, fucking thousand dollar lesbians

 (x2)
Yo, the Older God put me on to how to rock this
Maintain 360 Lord live prosperous
It only takes a lesson a day, just to analyze life
One time in the respectable mind


Let the shot spark, soon as his pit bull barks
Tire scars from skid marks leaves from jams in school parks
Witness forget his original statement
Even in protection programs there's no escapement
Gunned down, three in town hit king from seven crowns
Spent rounds, catch him while he rhyme in the Zebra Lounge
Wounded, back in the '83 summer heat
Up in 3-0-9 park, rhyming off the drummer's beat
I stalk the city streets demonstrating mic wrecks
All looking stank, I ain't playing with a full deck
And as they nervously stare, I know they scared
They saw the coming of Wu in neon in Times Square
Household name assassin, Killa Bee
Mill to the grain that posess the Wu trilogy
Quick to spot those that bite camoflouge and blend
Those that got styles, they got identical twins
Don't stretch the small thing, copycats are finicky
Without skills, they master the art of mimicry
But I go line for line on the whole page
Your unspotted life on the mic is old age

{*rocket fired, whistles off and explodes, breaking glass*}



Unearthed by 




I saw niggas cough up blood when they hiccup
Hole in their stomach comin' back from a stick up
If you don't make it you can keep your half of the bread
I'm not playin' with you bruh, you halfway dead
If it was me, you'd probably say the same shit
Crack the drugs probably wouldn't get a rag to cover my shit
I'm just bein' honest Lord
It's $400,000 for the four of us
What's up with ya'lls
Damn Tone leave em alone
Shut the fuck up be quiet before I go in your bag
Then I'm gonna come up
You know how I do I get busy
If you can get through this near death shit I throw 'em the extra 50


Wu-Tang baby
They rock the world



* set to the beat of GZA's "Shadowboxin'"


Ain't never fuckin' shit on here
Damn, the radio play the same shit every day
Some ol' muthafuckin' bullshit
(Yeah.... stay the fuck off my plantation
Yeah... Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang.... yo, yo, yo)


Back on the block, smuggling rocks
Rocky graveyard rocks, one chain, fiendin' on the block
I'm fed up, dunn, trynna keep my head up, word up, pa
Sue to get this money, live out, my name God, word life, right
Gats come a dime a dozen, what up cousin?
Guess who got loose on these thugs again
Murder was the topic, manslaughter his little daughter
Had a hundred grand, actin' like Rich Porter
For real kid, remember daffy did the bid
Bought sand, but first he ran up in his dreads quick
Stepped off, bought a phat loft, this thing must of worked
Cuz that white bitch he fucked, got an Ultima
Word up, word up, cat, can't call it pa
Yo Shallah, light up the owl, let's go crowd, pa
So we did it, weeded out, the skit ran
Dedicated to winners and losers, and then, kid
Fuck it, threw on the black thing, grabbed the mac
I'm going out like Rambo, Rae count the grams, slow
Scheemin', dreaming for CREAM, fiend beamin'
Plush eyed Steven, sniffin' rat poison, half ass breathing
Wait, can't tolerate the smell on the fifth floor
Ricans got it locked it down, son, light the choc'
Sure, we lit it, fat Pam gotta be home soon
Butt naked, faggot ass dred, in a back room
Approached him, through out the toast, snatched the jewel notes
Asked him where's his African man, before his brain throws
Against the wall, guess who came out the door, ya'll
Downlow, that TNT cop, kill 'em now, ya'll
Shots rained for sure, fiends hit the floor
Crack pipes, Playboy books, and vouch galore
African kid bounced, cop lost his cape
Chef got blazed and Ghost lost a leg




Yo; yeah, new Ghostface!
To glorious days, (true indeed God), check it out y'all
We back, yes yes y'all (Fake roller derbies)
Masked avengers, (we're here to sharpen your sword)
All praises due to T.M.F., Wu-Tang Clan
(Scream on it, Ghost)


A-yo, we at the weedgate, waiting for Jake
We want eight ravioli bags, two thirsty villains yelling bellyaches
Heavyweight rhyme writers, hitting the grass that's the ripest
Pull out this kite from this white bitch
Talking 'bout, "Dear Ghost, you the only nigga I know
Like when the cops come, you never hide your toast"
Guest starred in mad shit, CBL, Ice Water metallic
Past tense placed in gold caskets
Dru Hill bitches, specialist lounging at the mosque
Suede kufi wrap, undercover dentist
Rhymes is made of garlic, never in the target when the NARCs hit
Rumor is you might start to spit
You nice Lord, sweet daddy Grace, wind lifted
On the dancefloor, makeover's free followed by gauze
Duncan Hines monument cakes, we never half-baked
Alaskan, sexcapade, push your new court dates
Trauma, hands is like candy canes, lay my balls on ice
The branches in my weed be the vein
Swimsuit issue, darts sent truly from the heart, boo, I miss you
See daddy rock a wristful
Modern-day slave God, graveyard spells, fog your goggles
Laying like needles in the hospital
Five steps to conquer, ask Bernadette, Baguette swizzle
Ziploc your ear, hear thistle


To my real bitches take your drawers off
To all my high niggas, snatch her skirt off
Just in case she wanna play, get up in that bitch face
And tell her Ghost said, "Take your clothes off!"


A-yo, the Devil planted fear inside the black babies
Fifty cent sodas in the hood, they going crazy
Dead meat placed on the shelves, we eat cold cuts
Fast from the hog y'all and grow up


A-yo, crash through, break the glass, Tony with the goalie mask
That's the past, heavy ice Roley laying on the dash
Love the grass, cauliflower hurting when I dumped the trash
Sour mash served in every glass up at the Wally Bash
Sunsplash, autograph blessing with your name slashed
Backdraft, four-pounders screaming with the pearly ash
Children fix the contrast as the sound clashes
Mrs. Dash, sprinkle with her icicle eyelash
Ask Cappa Pendergrass for backstage passes
Special guest, no more Johnny Blaze, Johnny Mathis
Acrobat, run up on that Love Jones actress
Distract the cat while I'm high sugar get a crack at this
Dicking down Oprah, jumprope, David Dinkins
Watch the black mayor of DC hit the mocha
Tangerine sofa, two super soakers in the Rover
Hit the sport's bar, tell a young lady to bend over
Meditated yoga, Paddle Ball, dancing with the vulture
Castor Troy laying for Travolta
Yo, switch the lingo, five-nine-seventy
God glow, seven fifteen four be ebony


A-yo, the Devil planted fear inside the black babies
Fifty cent sodas in the hood, they going crazy
Dead meat placed on the shelves, we eat cold cuts
Fast from the hog y'all and grow up


Aiyyo, Wu-Tang Clan, T.M.F. in the mothafuckin joint
We all connect as {"one"}
(Aw shit, baby) Straight up and down y'all
(Staple-town, y'all) Yo, how many girls you gotta fuck, yo? {"one"}
(Ah-hah, know I'msayin? Trey-Mack, what?)
How many nigga you might bust? {"one"}
Haha, straight up and down
{"one"}
(How many shots?) {"one"}
{"one"}
(That's it) Word up
How many cakes we bake, y'all? ("one")
(Yo, yo, yo)  {"one"}
(Aw shit, haha) <...at a time, nigga?> {"one"}
{"one"}



Intro:
I can't fall down on my knees
(i thought you loved me)
(if you really loved me you would have stayed with me)
And apologize to you
(and apologized to me thats all i'm askin)
But that ain't my style
(well let me hear wat you had to say earlier)

Verse 1:
I remember how me met
It was on the train
How could i forget
You smiled when you looked at me
The soft of your lips that captured me
The whole ride down
We kept our eyes on each other
And then me sat, down together
You gave me your number
Said 'give me a call'
I thought i wouldn't call at all...
But here we are
Fell in love
Like hand to glove
Pure bliss from above
Now all we seem to do is fuss and fight
We never seem to get it right
See there's too much fire so much desire
So i took a little pill to take me higher
I'm sorry if i hurt you when i ran astray
I guess i got caught in the day- heyey

Chorus
I can't fall down on my knees
And apologize to you
It not in my style (x2)

Verse 2:
I remember the night
When we were all alone
You were on the sofa
I was on the phone
You over heard me call out my best friends name
Thats when you went crazy
Started going insane
Grabbed the phone from my hand
Backed me against the wall
Shouting and askin 'who was on the call?'
You would believe me
When i said it was just a friend
Thats when all the madness began

You kept yellin while i stuck to the floor
Cryin all these tears, i can't cry them no more
I knew you had a temper
I wish i didn't see it
You wanted me to be faithful
I said i could be it
But that didn't stop you
From puttin your hands on my face
You said you simply had to 'put me into my place'
At the end of every tunnel
Theres always a light
And the door will show whose right

Chorus:
I can't fall down on my knees
And apologize to you
Cause it not in my style (x2)

Hook:
He's got you begging on your knees
Crying in you sleep
Making you believe him
But you're stronger
Then you'll ever know girl
You control your own world
No need to take no more! (x2)

Verse 4:(Rap)
Hey yo yo yo
I asked you to calm down
Asked you who was on the phone
Put the horn down
Had a glass of wine
From a 99 yeah a green one
Which i bought for you from the cruise you won
I dun approve of those male friends
I told you back then when we first got together
That i don't trust those men
And you did it again
I lost my temper
Blinked out and wrecked the house boo
Thats all i remember i'm sorry (sorry Sorry)

Chorus:
I can't fall down on my knees
And apologize to you
Cause that not in my style(x4)




"I can't fall down on my knees
And apoligize to you, cause that ain't my style"


I remember how we met, it was on the train, how could I forget?
You smiled and you looked at me, the soft of your lips, that captured me
The whole ride down we kept our eyes on each other
And then we sat, down together
You gave me your number, said "give me a call"
I thought I wouldn't call at all
Here we are, fell in love
Like hand to glove, pure bliss from above
Now all we seem to do is fuss and fight
We never seem to get it right




I remember the night, when we were home alone
You were on the sofa, I was on the phone
You overheard me call out my best friend's name
That's when you went crazy, started going insane
Grabbed the phone from my hand, backed me against the wall
Shouting and asking, who was on the call?
You wouldn't believe me, when I said it's just a friend
That's when all the madness began....




He's got you begging on your knees, crying in your sleep
Making you believe him, but you're stronger
Than you'll ever know, girl
You control your own world, no need to take no more


Aiyo, I asked you to calm down
Asked you, who was on the phone, put the horn down
You had a glass of wine, a Versace nightgown, the lime green one
That I brought you for your tip, from the cruise you won
I don't approve of those male friends (no)
I told you back then when we first got together, I don't trust those men
And you did it again, I lost my temper
Blanked out and wrecked the house, boo, that's all I remember
I'm sorry...




You know, I'm sorry
I didn't mean to put my hands on you like that
You know I got a bad temper, I had..
I must of had a bad day or something, boo
But, just come back to the crib...




(La-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
Yo, what's the deal, nigga?
Ain't nuthin' pa, we just here and all that
Trynna get our head rights, get this money right
You know what I'm sayin', you know how it go
Just another day in the hood (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


Aiyo, what a night, New York City, heard it goin' down
Friday night, midnight, Atlantic City
Slot machines, ding-ding-ding-ding-ding, when they ring off
Lock the doors, that's when Ghost just G'd off
Cigars, paisley robes
Four bitches guardin' me safely as we walk to the window
The cashier was scared, she asked for my info
The manager arrived with two guards, that's an insult
That's the cause, just because
We talkin' bout 5 million dollars here, this ain't Play-doh dough
And your horoscope read, you gon' slay those hoes
We got scribbes, Anthony Acid, rockin' the show
Special guest: Starks / Mark Ronson
First five hundred bitches went crazy he let them on and in
All he did was plug me in, I got the chargin'
Got they bras and ran through they whole apartment


Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


When I step into the party, all the ladies wanna know
I'm hangin' wit the ballers, yeah, or my nigga Ghost
I can tell you what they say haters, if you wanna know
They say ooooooh wee
When I'm roll in my Mercedes, all the ladies wanna roll
Be my Juliet and I can be your Romeo
If you actin' menace I can pick another ho
Oooooooooh weee
In the middle of the summer, or even twenty below
I'm a bad muthafucka, I'm way to fuckin' cold
Let me tell you what they say, when I'm pullin' off my drawers
They say ooooooooooh weeeee


Aiyo, aiyo
My games here to party, just to cut up a rug
Don't make me have to cut up a thug
Now play something for D.J., cuz there's nothin' but love
Hosted by the ladies who lookin' for somethin' to rub
When we roll out, we roll on dubs, rollin' up bud
The Theodore Unit, we controllin' the club
Mamies, shakin' they ass, they throwin' it up
Like a B.E.T. commercial, I'm "wrappin' it up"


Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


To the bang-bang boogity, up jump the funk
When I bang big bullets, I buck up a chump
I love to get a bitch that's stuck up the hump
Act thug, then my bullet get stuck up your rump
Like boom! Y'all heard. I bust and that's my word
So if you get out of line then, that your ass is mine
And I'mma run up in your house, put it in your mouth (nigga)
I might be new to the game (what?)
But it's a damn shame what a brother bout to do to the game
I got Mark Ron' backin' me up
I'm already on a song with Nate Dogg
That's why you wanna hate, dog?
Here's a warning: when Mark bring the horns in
Say the wrong thing and you won't see the morning
You gon' get dealt with, man. Yo Nate, man
Let's ride on these bitches. Come on!


Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
Oooooh weee, ooh wee, (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)

I can tell you what they say, haters, if you wanna know
They say ooooooh wee




(La-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
Yo, what's the deal, nigga?
Ain't nuthin' pa, we just here and all that
Tryna get our head rights, get this money right
You know what I'm sayin', you know how it go
Just another day in the hood
(La-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


Aiyo, what a night.  New York City, heard it goin' down
Friday night, midnight, Atlantic City
Slot machines, ding-ding-ding-ding-ding, when they ring off
Lock the doors, that's when Ghost just G'd off
Cigars, paisley robes
Four bitches guardin' me safely as we walk to the window
The cashier was scared, she asked for my info
The manager arrived with two guardsthat's an insult
That's the cause, just because
We talkin' bout 5 million dollars herethis ain't Play-Doh dough
And your horoscope read, You gon' slay those hoes
We got Scribbles, Anthony Acid rockin' the show
Special guest star is Mark Ronson
First five-hundred bitches went crazy when he let they aunts in and
All he did was plug me inI got the chargin'
Got they bras and ran through they whole apartment (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


Oooooh weee, ooh wee (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


When I step into the party, all the ladies wanna know
I'm hangin' wit the ballers, yeah, or my nigga Ghost
I can tell you what they say, haters, if you wanna know
They say ooooooh wee
When I'm roll in my Mercedes, all the ladies wanna roll
Be my Juliet and I can be your Romeo
If you actin' menace, I can pick another ho
Oooooooooh weee (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
In the middle of the summer, or even twenty below
I'm a bad muthafucka, I'm way too fuckin' cold
Let me tell you what they say, when I'm pullin' off my drawers
They say ooooooooooh weeeee


Aiyo, aiyo, I came to the party just to cut up a rug
Don't make me have to cut up a thug
Now play something for me, DJ, cause there's nothin' but love
Hosted by the ladies who lookin' for somethin' to rub
When we roll out, we roll on dubs, rollin' up bud
The Theodore Unit, we controllin' the club
Mamis shakin' they ass, they throwin' it up
Like a B.E.T. commercial, I'm "wrappin' em up"


Oooooh weee, ooh wee (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)


To the bang-bang boogity, up jump the funk
When I bang big bullets, I buck up a chump
I love to get a bitch that's stuck up the hump
Act thug, then my bullet get stuck up your rump
Like boom!  Y'all heard.  I bust and that's my word
So if you get out of line then, that your ass is mine
And I'mma run up in your house, put it in your mouth (nigga)
I might be new to the game (what?)
But it's a damn shame what a brother bout to do to the game
I got Mark Ron' backin' me up
I'm already on a song with Nate Dogg
That's why you wanna hate, dog?
Here's a warning: when Mark bring the horns in
Say the wrong thing and you won't see the morning
You gon' get dealt with, man.  Yo Nate, man
Let's ride on these bitches.  Come on!


Oooooh weee, ooh wee (la-la-la-la, lalalalalala)
I can tell you what they say, haters, if you wanna know
They say ooooooh wee




Aiyo, the block can't knock me, cause my style's too cocky
And my team be off the chain
Aiyo, it's my turn, Wiggs, top of the food chain
I've been starving, waiting for this money train
Now I gorilla, monkey jump and spaz on beats
Slang doctrine, throw some new words in the streets
Roll sheets to the icky, chocolate Wonka
I'm like the ice cream man, I make the block go bonkers


Please, we puff little Christmas trees
I keep a, chick on her knees, some custom dungarees
Two-tone hungry's and a whole lotta cheese
Coconut waffles, pa, I blow like the breeze


And the block can't knock me, cause my style's too cocky
And my team be off the chain


It's Theodore, Starks Enter', make it hot in the winter
And my gun gonna spark the flames, I told you to


Duck out the way (better move nigga)
Before you clap or get sprayed (brrrrr-aow)


Ok, I see you wanna take it down to the grit
Like I've been through the struggle, pa, and can't handle the shit
I'm a gorilla, I beast everything in the eye
Rock an eightball jacket in the middle of july


Verbal slaughter, grey goose and vitamin waters
Slumped in the gym, throwing the dumbells all out of order
Knockin' scuffs on my Reeboks... (say what)
I got that old drunken style, that spit time in detox
A to Z blocks I see Oz for the weed spot
Anthony Acid for the party on the roof top
Custom made jewels, I got my own spot
Like my chain all chunky, and my ladies so lovely
V.I.P. with a bottle of Goose
It's Wiganomics, no beginner, make it hot in the winter
And my gun gonna speak the truth, I told ya to




Aiyo, the block can't knock me, cause they love when I'm cocky
Rock a mink with some Phat Farm jeans


A big dooky ass charm, hot broad on an arm
Yo Wiggs show 'em how to serve them fiends


I hit the block like a ton of bricks
I know they look like twenties
But only give me five harder knicks
Dirty pillow, we bulletproof cars are armadillo
Got the whole tri-state weeping like willow
Get that money, I need a Hugh Hefner account


And if the bunnies don't come with the crib, we gon' bounce
To the hotel (motel) yacht by the bay


I got the big bottle of Mandarin goose, who got the OJ?



I'm six foot two and a half
With shoes on make it three even
Been shot but I'm still breathing
Sent niggas back to Pittsburgh
With they necks wrapped up no lie
See that's what happens when slugs fly
Doves cry when a thug dies
It might rain if you're a love guy
Glocks we tote 'em in belong pawn shops where we resold 'em
And going in we let the fiends hold 'em
Fake aliases, no driver's license or socials
But we cold cheek shit, so many hammers left the clerk speechless
Outdoors my niggas is dirty
Rollin' smoke in the back seat sippin' orange juice
Bumping Blackstreet, suede wallets, Wallabees
Pea soup Clarks, music blastin', laughin' with the whip in park
Bodies for lunch, they eat those
Old school guns is like old albums, clean 'em and they keep goin'


Hey man it's rough outside
Crack heads is buyin' all night
Handguns is necessary
Fuck around you might lose your life
Anywhere in and outta town B
The same every hood it's so real
That you gotta be on your grizzly
If not then you might get pideeled

Like one day right over a powerful dice game in Minnesota
We hit the mall up for kicks
Slid, in other words bounce, tip the chauffeur
To get that cheddar cheese back we lost from earlier
Get back the dices shaking, stretching my arm like Troy Aikman
What's in the bank? Nigga what? Twelve grand bowl 'em
No little shit on the floor roll 'em
That's what I do (sounds of dice shaking)
Six 'em girls, hit his kicks
I'm a still show that motherfucker he fish
Pound cake, beat that bitch
Holy smoke! I admire your roll
Two fours and a five, they all applause and he smiled
But confident me, yea I threw my twelve on the ground
Grab the dice, blew on 'em
Passed off the other thirty five thou, I'm doin' 'em
Nigga move shoot 'em, what's that? You roll a five?
Twenty or better y'all, I'm taking all side bets! Everybody spread out!
Watch the magic number that my pretty hand let out
My first roll was one two four, picked 'em up
Somebody screamed out, "Tony Starks headed for the dust off!"
I'm like hell no I'm headed for the gun store
Punch you in your motherfuckin' face like Spongebob
Watched his face when he aced, the place got quiet
Bowled like twenty forty times, my arm got tired
Couldn't hit a point, not even a deuce
Took a swig of my man's goose
Anything just to give me a damn boost
Then out came a wonderful six
Holy shit! Stack that shit
Yo Trife Dies snatch that fuckin' cream quick
That was one one six, one sixteen point C
And I don't care about no motherfuckin' Royce Green
He pulled out, he pointed at me, I pointed at him
My main man pointed at them
They pulled their guns out and pointed at him
And crazy shells they was coming in


Hey man it's rough outside
Crack heads is buyin' all night
Handguns is necessary
Fuck around you might lose your life
Anywhere in and outta town B
The same every hood it's so real
That you gotta be on your grizzly
If not then you might get pideeled


This just in, breaking news
Today in Downtown Minnesota, a tragic shootout occurred at 5:23 pm
An alleged witness says things went haywire over a dice game
Two black males were shot in their buttocks
Leaving one critically wounded
Two others were pronounced dead on the crime scene
At a nearby hospital, three New York men are recovering
In stable condition but are being held under police supervision at this time
For on the spot coverage
Theodore TV, this is Dusty Williams signing off
Now back to Tony Starks already in progress




Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yo, yeah, yo


Catch me on yo' brochure with beachballs, at least three whores
Head wop Queens know how to work they jaws
They skintone is coffee and milk, mixed up
Ass as big as my boss' wife, stomach ripped up
Spitting liquor in they mouth, cold Moet
Captain Morgan, taking flicks, posing, holding my tech
With cowboy hats and coach bags, they party like rockstars
Bo Gary watches, just chill, they down in the shark bars
And me, gunslinger, clips, cock D
My fashion on, I'm rocking 'em new Rasheeds
I'mma finish ya, go in brother like Mr. Cee
You could find me fucked up like the mice in cheese
Life's a B, Bentley and big bills
Bottles, biscuits, bitches, blunts, bad boys bodying pit bulls
Karate, black belt and I bring booze
To big bar brawls, ball games blasting, fuck 'til my balls blue


We like the black Yankees, old vets who sit in the rest
Thankful, counting up currency and move when it rain, pour
From every bitch that we bless, we hit up, automatic love
The Cuban Link niggas is the realest
My wallet walk, speak to niggas, cops, judges
We put it down, Columbian style, with three killas
Based on money, dummies'll die
It ain't funny, trying to front on mine, we get in ya mommy
Keep cool, nigga, read him the rules, before he bleeding in pools
And fuck my shit up, and I'mma just lose
Paid a lot of paper to live here
American Gangster status, Big Brother, lemme get in ya ear
You know what time it is, crime it is
No matter what rhyme it is
We gon' stay fly, hit lye, rock diamond shits (no question)
Based on a general's fist of fury
Neck, arm, money, all of that's crispy jewelry


Let me show you how I g ride, nina on both sides
Nobody riding shotgun but the four-five
Nigga, if you won't try, I'll give ya something to regret
Throw that mothafucking semi to ya neck
Throw the other black Jimmy to ya chest
If you budge, you get stretched, nothing more, nothing less
Pay respect, I'm a element of Homicide Housing
In other words, bitch, I'm the resident from Homicide Housing
Known for drug dealing, stack thousands
Four hundred grand in the couches, two hundred grand on the houses
At any time I could move up out this
And go and cop some shit up in the moutains


Aiyo, aiyo, you know ya boy stay fresher than produce
Timberland snow boots, collecting more CREAM than a toll booth
I grind daily, Patriotic like Tom Brady
I'm the bomb baby, cuz what I write is beyond crazy
I'm the Don with the teflon armor, good karma, mac palmer
Call me Arab Diesel cuz I'm a track bomber
Roger that, my niggas ain't got it cracked
All we do is dollar stack, get twisted like bottlecaps
While you on the block getting indicted
We island hopping, globe trotting through the friendly skies flying United
There's a party over here and everybody's invited
The headliners is Theodore and everybody's excited


Fuck that, 'bout time we took it back to the block
The task force coming, I got crack in my sock
White Rock on the dinner plate, get cash, shit is hot
Smash whips on the Interstate, we dash on the cops
It's them dudes, drug slingers, 1-6-Ooh
Crime figure, rhyme spitter, his gun spit too
Call 'em Sex Pistols, ravishing, nigga, I'm Rick Rude
And ain't many mothafuckas could fit up in Rick's shoes
Man, listen, ice glisten, they love the life we living
That's a given, like football players love white women
White linen, a tight denim, that ass look right in 'em
Shit, I'm riding 'em, cool as Kahlua's with ice in 'em, shit...

 + (Cappadonna)
Aiyo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo I pass the mic to Cap (Nah, I pass it back)
Never, son, hold that, you the master of the rap attack
So knick knack patty wack (This is how we do it black)
(Slap you with the almanac) Where actual facts is sold as facts


We on our grown man shit like Quincy Jones
Travelling across the world while we smoking the bone
We grinding, y'all niggas know what we do
We get it in with the Murderland, Chi-town too
Hit you up, something nice 'til the death of Yakub
Swagger stuck on ya face like a New Jack tool
Right back at you, yeah me and my dude Toney
We don't fuck with fake contracts and niggas that's phony
Trying to get this money, right homey
And lay back in the Riverside, just chill, relax the domepiece
Link up with a fly dime, brick and a chrome piece
Coming for that gwop, yeah nigga, you got beef

{*skit of Ghostface and co. speaking during concert follows*}




Her face glowed like I was exposed to sunlight
She's happy, her hair, toes and nails is done right
The smell of her fragrance, baffled my nostrils
I can see through her eyes, she's feeding on the impossible
She blushes, as I kept splashing her compliments
Polite thank yous, is all around, she crush the mints
Developments, smooth keys from the piano
Changed the mood, like we changed the channel
This is art, Picasso, I got him beat in the flesh
I'm staring at beauty, Nefertiti, herring bone in the chest
Yes, everywhere she step, went off like a flare gun
Stilettos on, parquet floors
Miss thing, she's a fierce one, two and three
Bad little mama, she built like Alicia Keys
No faade, her strut is hard, based on books by
Intelligent jail crooks, writing to let the time fly
She dropped the bracelet, I kneeled down
Prestigious gentleman, with my right hand, I picked it up
I stood up, to the cutest eyelashes, as I gave her, her jewels back
Miss thing started rubbing her gut
Excuse me, are you pregnant? Not to be rude
But if it means anything, I can get you some food
Cheese crackers, in the back there's sauted shrimp


Nah, I never free lumps, I'll be as big as a blimp
See my due date is January, my first, and it's kinda scary
It's only June, and Christmas, I'll be getting married
And I'm happy, excuse me, what's your name


Tone Starks


Peace, I'm Gabby, well I gotta go, my husband is waitin'


But before I go, can I give you one last statement
You the most beautifullest queen, I ever seen
And I would love to have a thing like you, on my team, you take care


Any other day, I would of just let you, pass me by
Cuz I see you got situations
And I've got mine, but baby its OK
It's alright, I'm not gonna let you pass me by
Cuz this was love at first sight
Cuz this was love at first sight
It's OK


You can tell he must be on a mission
Because my heart has made it's decision
As soon as you stepped in my peripheral vision
I fell in love, sweet love
And no infatuated 3D glasses to see
That your the one I need
And the situation don't matter to me
Cuz this is love, it gotta be love
Love at first sight






Ya'll muthafuckas know who this be
It's Theodore, yo, let me hear somethin' my nigga
Let me hear something


We the champion, we spit like, top of the line
Hold weight while you still push nickel and dime
And my shine hold my stones than your local jeweler
More ice than a picnic cooler, Slick Wigs the Ruler
Round the raincoat, stash my gat in the car wash
How I got such a smooth flow, but I spit too harsh
Butter nut squash leather, big face cheddar
Don't fuck with no groupie, hid in a high school sweater
We rope rats, roll money stuffed in stacks
Rock show after show, and don't claim no tax
Got custom deep pockets and my pimpin' slacks
And my tephlon shirt, in case they got gats


Yo Wigs, this is Theodore, you know how we rock it


Trife Da God, show these niggas why they ain't poppin'


I'm not enthused, by these rap dudes
All in they videos, posin' half nude, with all of them tattoos
Til I blacken they eyes and have them lookin' like raccoon
Now they stuck tail, stuffed in they ass like a baboon
I do you dirty like a table chop, and the blocks on fire
These niggas be rockin' more wires than a cable box
Hit you with a fatal shot, lay you to rest
Get your cradle rocked, by two Glocks aimed to your chest
They say it's deep, and never lose his stripes
Well put his ass in a cage with this iron, bet he lose his life
I'm a beast like Priest Holmes, keep spittin' them weak poems
And I'mma wreck you and straight disconnect you like cheap phones
You can ride for you team and die with the marines
For tryin' to intervene, while I'mma tryin' to get this CREAM


Aiyo, knick knack patty wack, light up, twist a fatty jack
Four shotties, and playin' them lobbies where those cracks be at
Stay foul, break vows, niggas sniff gun pow-der
Check my caliber, make sure it register
Bring forth your head and stuff, don't wanna huff, puff
Or cuss, get stuffed in little bags, like angel dust
Check out the bangle cuts, double rocks, tangled up
And couples got bubbles, in the tub, lightin' the double Dutch
Hey, hey, hey, Ghostface and Donna Jay
Trife Dies', Killa Bamz, Wigs, Kryme got the yay'
All day, all up in your hood like court dates
Concealed heat, like a sheep dog or a NorthFace
Small space, more bass, polly like shore bait
Molly got four trays, and pinned dog with raw haze
Just like the old days, Willie Mays, with a low cut fade
Duster play the Giant, when I'm on stage


Pretty Tone, yeah I see you in the cockpit


Donna Jay, put his face in the dirt like an ostrich


Nah, I don't really have to spit nothin' to complex
I just rep for my hood, and it sound correct
It's mic checka, Juan Don, in the place to be
And I be playin' on these tracks, like one, two, three
One some Theodore shit, like it once was me
With the laid back shit, like the country be
Bone the hoes, all the time, smoke blunts with G
Goon Squad Hooligans, got fronts in Jeeps
Why you jealous muthafuckas gotta jump my beats
Trife Diesel and Ghostface dump they heats
In your face, real hard, straight lump they meats
Won't sell cracks to you, but I pump the streets
And tear pussy out the frame, while you hump the sheets
And I know ya'll niggas hate, and can't wait til I'm gone
That's why I keep drivin' on by, tootin' my horn
Da-da-da-de-da-duhhhh




It's all right -- yyyyeaaaaaaaaah!


Hold up, gots to boost those tray ups
Think I'm playin' pa, reach and get glazed up
Face all sprayed up, on the floors
The left side of your cheek, go ahead and pick that face up
Of course I'mma f**k with ya'll niggas, ya'll pussy (yeah)
Ya'll niggas know how Pretty Toney get down
Made The Post in '98, f**k an album, when I need CREAM
It's on, nigga, faggots, better check out their accountants
When I hung around broke niggas, and broke bitches
You know what that means, it equals no riches and
I can't have that, I got a lot of wiz'es
They spoiled, told 'em they don't have to move drizzers
Whatever they see, is none of they business
I do what I do, to get that spinach
Whether it's kill 'em, spray 'em, play 'em, all on the streets
I weigh 'em, saute 'em, Ghost and Kay Slay 'em


This kid about his papers, paychecks
Thinkin' you can pay me now, any bear feelings, just say it
Go 'head brother, just as fast as you front
It be an honor just to lay you down


The first check I ever got
Son I spent it up top, blowin' a cop, cop, cop, cop, cop...
I had 2 Cent, plus my car fare home
It wasn't even Broadway until I got those stones
I was sixteen, shit, I barely knew what a gram was
Studied Scarface, so I knew what the plan was

To get that CREAM, and serve them fiends
Around the same time my nigga Buck converged with Beans
Two way team, posted up on the benches
Wit a magnet for a stash, that I kept hid under the black fences
Jakes shootin' through the middle, like Kerry Kittles
I was baggin' up small hittin' fiends, with very little
Though they switched nickels on niggas, and pointed out bitches
In the precinct got the snitchin', so they hit 'em off with something decent
Avoid the sweeping, them boys is beastin'
On point, but I'm kinda paranoid when they creepin'


Faggot ass niggas, when I ride get the f**k out the way
When I see jewels, all I know is take
I'm like a seed at a birthday party, all I want is cake
In other words, papes, sellin' herbs and tapes
Movin' birds and weight, through suburban states
God damn it, I told ya'll niggas
This is a Theodore stickup
Wake ya bitch up, watch the fifth pick up!



Yeah, you heard what the bitch said
When we wasn't makin' too much muthaf**kin' CREAM and shit
We was beatin' the shit out of niggas
Takin' their little Summer Youth shit
Buyin' beer and weed and shit
Shakin' niggas upside down on some cartoon shit
Change fall all out of their pockets and shit
Yellin' and tellin' the cops, f**k ya'll niggas!
This is Theodore, bitch




It's all right ----- yyyyeaaaaaaaaah!


Hold up, gots to boost those tray ups
Think I'm playin' pa, reach and get glazed up
Face all sprayed up, on the floors
The left side of your cheek, go ahead and pick that face up
Of course I'mma fuck with ya'll niggas, ya'll pussy (yeah)
Ya'll niggas know how Pretty Toney get down
Made The Post in '98, fuck an album, when I need CREAM
It's on, nigga, faggots, better check out their accountants
When I hung around broke niggas, and broke bitches
You know what that means, it equals no riches and
I can't have that, I got a lot of wiz'es
They spoiled, told 'em they don't have to move drizzers
Whatever they see, is none of they business
I do what I do, to get that spinach
Whether it's kill 'em, spray 'em, play 'em, all on the streets
I weigh 'em, saute 'em, Ghost and Kay Slay 'em


This kid about his papers, paychecks
Thinkin' you can pay me now, any bear feelings, just say it
Go 'head brother, just as fast as you front
It be an honor just to lay you down


The first check I ever got
Son I spent it up top, blowin' a cop, cop, cop, cop, cop...
I had 2 Cent, plus my car fare home
It wasn't even Broadway until I got those stones
I was sixteen, shit, I barely knew what a gram was
Studied Scarface, so I knew what the plan was
To get that CREAM, and serve them fiends
Around the same time my nigga Buck converged with Beans
Two way team, posted up on the benches
Wit a magnet for a stash, that I kept hid under the black fences
Jakes shootin' through the middle, like Kerry Kittles
I was baggin' up small hittin' fiends, with very little
Though they switched nickels on niggas, and pointed out bitches
In the precinct got the snitchin', so they hit 'em off with something decent
Avoid the sweeping, them boys is beastin'
On point, but I'm kinda paranoid when they creepin'


Faggot ass niggas, when I ride get the fuck out the way
When I see jewels, all I know is take
I'm like a seed at a birthday party, all I want is cake
In other words, papes, sellin' herbs and tapes
Movin' birds and weight, through suburban states
God damn it, I told ya'll niggas
This is a Theodore stickup
Wake ya bitch up, watch the fifth pick up!




Yeah, you heard what the bitch said
When we wasn't makin' too much muthafuckin' CREAM and shit
We was beatin' the shit out of niggas
Takin' their little Summer Youth shit
Buyin' beer and weed and shit
Shakin' niggas upside down on some cartoon shit
Change fall all out of their pockets and shit
Yellin' and tellin' the cops, fuck ya'll niggas!
This is Theodore, bitch



(featuring Trife)

"It's alright ----- yyyyeaaaaaaaaah!" - sample


Hold up, got's to boost those tray ups
Think I'm playin' pa, reach and get glazed up
Face all sprayed up, on the floor
Left side of your cheek, go ahead and pick that face up
Of course I'mma fuck with y'all niggas, y'all pussy
Ya'll niggas know how Pretty Tony get down
Made the potion '98, fuck an album, when I need cream
It's on, nigga, faggots, better check out their accountants
When I hung around broke niggas and broke bitches
You know what that means, it equals no riches and
I can't have that, I got a lot of wizards
They spoiled, told 'em they have to move drizzers
Whatever they say, is none of their business
I do what I do, to get that spinach
Whether it's kill 'em, spray 'em, play 'em all on the streets
I wouldn't saute 'em, Ghost and Kay Slay 'em


This kid about his papers, paychecks
Thinkin' you can pay me now, any bear feelings, just say it
Go 'head brother, just as fast as you front
It be an honor just to lay you down


Aiyo, aiyo
The first check I ever got
Son I spent it up top, blowin' a cop ---
I had 2 Cent, plus my car fare home
It wasn't even Broadway until I got those stones
I was sixteen, shit, I barely knew what a gram was
Studied Scarface, so I knew what the plan was
To get that cream, and serve them fiends
Around the same time my nigga Buck converged with Beans
Two way team, posted up on the benches
Wit a maggot for a stash that I kept hid under the black fences
Jakes shootin' through the middle, like Kerry Kittles
I was baggin' up small hittin' fiends, with very little
Though they switched nickels on niggas, and pointed out bitches
In the precinct got the stichin', so they hit 'em off with something decent
Avoid the sweeping, them boys is beastin'
On point, but I'm kinda paranoid when they creepin'


Faggot ass niggas, when I ride get the fuck out the way
When I see jewels, all I know is take
I'm like a seed at a birthday party, all I want is cake
In other words, papes, sellin' herbs and tapes
Movin' birds and weight, through suburban states
God damn it, I told y'all niggas
This is a Theodore stickup
Wake ya bitch up, watch the fifth pick up!



Yeah, you heard what the bitch said
When we wasn't makin' too much muthafuckin' cream and shit
We was beatin' the shit outta niggas
Takin' their little Summer Youth shit
Buyin' beer and weed and shit
Shakin' niggas upside down on some cartoon shit
Change fall all out of their pockets and shit
Yellin' and tellin' the cops, fuck y'all niggas!
This is Theodore! Bitch!




Come here, pussy, prosthetic hard ass nigga
Yo, where them Levi's that I left on ya bunk, nigga?
Don't stand on the side of this bunk no more, man, for real
You see them Rae and Ghost flicks over there, nigga?
Don't touch them shits, nigga
Word up, I'mma break both chains on ya ass, nigga
(Aiyo, Bundy, make sure you crack cell number five, fifteen minutes early)
{Bundy: Yeah, yo, I got you, you want some of these donuts?}
(Nah, I'm good, just make sure you handle my man right, one.)

 (Ghostface Killah)
We up at three mart, blowing, little dust to lift the branch up
The watch he had was Bulgari, golden, Spanish kid let him hold it
He said he hit him with three cartons of menthol, the kid let him roll with it
(The face had snow in it, the bass in his voice
Now he's acting like he ain't rich and po' in it)
Crock pots are steaming, Jasmine rice and Jack Mack
With cornflake batter, it's cold in here
10:45 we lock in, pull out the headphones, jump in the bunk
(The tunes is knocking) Knowing all my goons is clocking
Two C.O.'s is on the cat walk (Yo, Spoons, what's popping?)
Yo, it ain't nothing, baby, you cool?
Yeah, I'm getting that rest, you know that G.E.D. shit with the school?
(True, guess that's what it do
But on the low I got two big gem stars I'm sliding to you
Matter of fact they gon' hide in ya food
All you do is push the grits out the way, then you get up and move
Go to sleep, nigga, go 'head and rest, I'mma finish my count
I'mma set you out, later my dude, one)


Mop wringer magic, mess hall murder's the best
Come through the yard, getting fed lead burgers
Testing anything with bling
Fresh sneakers, we the best teachers
True, watch me move in the cling

 (Ghostface Killah)
Six A.M., the cells unlock
Horn the child, I'm half sleep, yo, hearing the pots
I see the same ice grills, bum niggas talking to me
With coal in they eye, I can't finish my meal
(Under the grits, two pieces of steel)
Then Spoon had left, we got guns though, we trying to chill
Big Will walked in, him and Seville
(With blood in they eyes, early bird like they ready to kill)






Them Bally loafers and them Cartiers
I do my thing Penny Hardaway
And if you're knowing where were going
Then you'll probably be coming with us! (x2)


Friday night nice, Saturday sharp
Edge upon the hairline, side tapered and ball
Sunday winning in the linen shorts sent from the mall
Pieces out the dry cleaning stitched seams and all
That glitters ain't gold but this is
Cars hoppin in them
Mars spike editions at the palace like the Pistons
Peep the way I flipped it
The color on this one is like them other ones
But these colors complement it
You might wanna catch that later alligator
Maury I had another color way before they made it
Cordless phones on them like its free activation
For them homes you would end up in the lab for it
Championship rings wrap bills in jeans fabrics
Since we spend .?. these ropes like tennis rackets
Tennis bracelets Andre Agassi tennis shoes and jackets
Cartier frames and Ballys




I tilt my woods up, slide them up the bridge of my nose
Them Guccis cool, but they are not originals
Those are like digital clocks
Mind shots riddle the block till it moves up, blew two blunts of king koopa
What a loop scooper troopers and khaki suit blazers
And my bracelets do a loop and my wrist like a race, wait!
We ain't say grace
We at Shaw's Crab House
Everybody got a lobster on their plate
I get a nice fade, nice waves, wait a minute
Slice gang, chop it up, slap chop, Im saying!
You cant know the roster without playin'
Im not Kevin Costner I'm not dancing with no wolves
Acting like they sheep, Peep the Benetton Don hopping out that Jeep
Man the tassels on them Ballys, Checkers or the Rally's
Saying "I don't think they got it like in Cali"



[Verse 3: Ghostface Killah
In my years I sported igloos, Alaskan Ice
The light bulbs in my jewels show off in the night
So stay back, stark's flow is toxic
You can catch me in my rolls heavy
.?
Photoshoots in the Sahara Desert Camels and Cartiers
In the sky facing the half-moon crescent
Wow, it looks beautiful
The stars is praising me
And The Cool Kids, say something wrong they'll shoot at you
They shootin' stars these ruthless bars got white girls holding their mouths
Like, "oh my God! No he didnt", give him a bib, cause he keeps spitting
Lines that's so cold where every word's frost-bitten
And his man's pulling up in the Maybach
White linen ,three quarter rope, Ballys from way back
With Cardier frames, white gold all around the rim
Holding their dicks in the club, .?






Ayo a knight locked up in the cage, I'm enraged
But plenty of time to think of my position
This cop is corrupt, he gotta be in the mix of shit
He set me up so this nigga be fixin' shit
So I took out his competition
So he's my competition, that makes my decision
Easy, he gotta be the lord of the drugs
And that's Bamboo's man, that's where he stands
He played both sides of the fence on some real-real shit
Counterfeit thug, tryna play legit
Seen the bars slide open as I bought off a bail
I seen Bamboo waitin' as I exit the jail
She said, "Please Ton', you gots to go
You can't stay around this part of town." Already know
I'm blowin' bail, headin' up north, free in the country
She gave me a hug and a big stack of money

 x2
Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark


My cash missin', my lab different
Where the fuck is Bamboo? She need an ass whippin'
I was told Ton' was home, I'm way past fifth and
Guess it's time to get in my zone, this my last mission
Did what I could do with this pump and I'm like fuck it
Feelin' like Hammer on crutches, he can't touch this
Illustrious, multi movements
I drew the blueprints but now it's time for improvements
Press his peoples, left a message, nothin' peaceful
Shit police do, we could never be a equal
Execution, I get it in, retribution
Best solution, get up close when you're shootin'
Shit for realler, I'm mad raw with a killer
What's even iller, I knew the boss since Thriller
'Til we're even, I guess it's gon' be grievin'
A lot can change in 36 seasons

 x2



Ayo a knight locked up in the cage, I'm enraged
But plenty of time to think of my position
This cop is corrupt, he gotta be in the mix of shit
Ayo a knight locked up in the cage, I'm enraged
But plenty of time to think of my position
This cop is corrupt, he gotta be in the mix of shit
He set me up so this nigga be fixin' shit
So I took out his competition
So he's my competition, that makes my decision
Easy, he gotta be the lord of the drugs
And that's Bamboo's man, that's where he stands
He played both sides of the fence on some real-real shit
Counterfeit thug, tryna play legit
Seen the bars slide open as I bought off a bail
I seen Bamboo waitin' as I exit the jail
She said, "Please Ton', you gots to go
You can't stay around this part of town." Already know
I'm blowin' bail, headin' up north, free in the country
She gave me a hug and a big stack of money

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark

My cash missin', my lab different
Where the fuck is Bamboo? She need an ass whippin'
I was told Ton' was home, I'm way past fifth and
Guess it's time to get in my zone, this my last mission
Did what I could do with this pump and I'm like fuck it
Feelin' like Hammer on crutches, he can't touch this
Illustrious, multi movements
I drew the blueprints but now it's time for improvements
Press his peoples, left a message, nothin' peaceful
Shit police do, we could never be a equal
Execution, I get it in, retribution
Best solution, get up close when you're shootin'
Shit for realler, I'm mad raw with a killer
What's even iller, I knew the boss since Thriller
'Til we're even, I guess it's gon' be grievin'
A lot can change in 36 seasons

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark




Yeah, them niggas talking bout ya'll always want some lyrics, right?
Real lyrics, well here we go, I'mma tell you a little story
That's right, watch this shit, nigga, here we go, ya'll, your ass
Yeah, we write for days, hot shit, uh-huh
Dope, drugs, sex, murder, King James version


Aiyo, needle was left hanging, in the arm of a pimp
He walk with a limp, had bitches on the payroll
He gave the seeds candy and his family was poor
Drove a '68 Caddy with the fur on the door
The other macks ain't have jack on him, not even Goldie
Slowly, he would rise, kept his runners with the police
Jim Brown was his man, his brother was Muslim, they tried to convert him
And turn righteous, but the streets got the good of him
Big hats with gorgeous stones, honey designed the slacks
With two attempts on his bottom bitch, her name was Precious
Silky skin, priceless pussy, she took karate
Her bubble ass got Pretty Chipp rich
You can smell her perfume on every street corner
A sexy muthafucka with the mean face on her
Precious, sported bulletproof dresses, defending caring sex
Thirteen smith, this boo that study her lessons
She was the key to Pretty Chipp riches, bitches is fortune slang
Control the south side, her name rings
Lookout for the black cherry pussy extortion
Any other hoes get pregnant, bet they get an abortion
Back at the pub, at the Alice spot, bumping the sounds of Curtis
Playing Live in the jukebox, this broad named Cookie
In the purse, fifty thou' in cash
Passed off to Chipp, told him count it fast, another 10 in my bloomers
Fuck the rumors, it's lies, baby, you my daddy
Bitches never saw me jumping out of Dirt Dog's cabby
I'm a loyal bitch, and chicks can't stand me, pimps
They know I'm ill, that's why they never put hands on me
From Fillmore Slim to Goldie, Pretty Toney
Frank War told me, C.C. get that money
My potentials, credentials, my mouth stay hot
Like Chinese mushrooms, wasabi with spicy lentils
The other day I brought a little gat, where I keep near my lower back
Cause these niggas don't know how to act
At the Apollo, Ray Charles told me
Bitch just get in the car, cuz I want you to swallow
I jumped in, and his bodyguards follow
He was quick, I spit the nut on his '74 wallos
He wanted to invite me to Chicago, I said 'nah, daddy'
He pushed me out and lit up a Marlboro
(Nah, papi) Cuz I'm from New York
He taught me the talks, he taught me the walk
Cuz I'm Chipp's bitch, we dine and resort
Only nigga ever taught me, don't put swine on my fork


And that's the truth, rest in peace, papi
This Cookie, I still got another tall Goose for you daddy
I'mma stick in the grave for you, baby
Fuck them other pimps, they ain't got shit on you, daddy



"Let's see you try the water technique! Hai! Ha, ha!
(sounds of fists and a whoosh of air followed by a punch)
The sky is high, the cloud is low
But my water technique is hard to beat
But the earth, can absorb water, hai! Hai!"

Yeah... word up... gotta zip my coat
Yeah...

"The sky is high, the cloud is low" (fuck him)
"But my water technique is hard to beat" (yeah, check the live shit)
"But the earth, can absorb water, hai! Hai!" (uhh)


So what the fuck I got to lose ha? Word to God let's get it on
Clap your heels three times, grab the magic wand
Nameless, these stonewashed cats, leave 'em brainless
Somewhere out of this world, stranded on Uranus
With coke and a dollar bill, stems and crack capsules
Take a blast boo, booby trap a cruise it's natural
Like soybean, burn like a laser beam
My vaccine, I shoot it firm and it connects like sideburns
The segment, rap fragment comes together like magnets
Attract heads captured like Dragnet
Going through mad phases, of all ages
Killa Beez locked the fuck up behind cages
The Genovese swallow this line and caught a freeze
Press caller ID for me to quote more degrees
The fortune teller tuck a sleeping gas umbrella
Award winning dining in the back of Armanbella
Now who, don't believe that cash must rule
I don't eat meat, I slap blood out of Perdue
Keep a wireless mic, mics on strike the session
Is over, I file this and glow like fluorescent

Peace to y'all, let's get our rhyme on
Yeah peace to y'all, let's get our rhyme on


Yo yo, mountains of blow like snow constant cash flow
Rocking a Shaft afro, Tony got mad glow with hoes
Mega powder dripping from they nose
Fucking Jet magazine bitches with wide pussy pose
Centrefold the whole night, deadly venom horror snake bites
Only Built 4 Cuban Link kings who shoot dice
Holding money bags, convertible Benz with feathered bags
With the mongoose your man's got two seeds down in Baghdad
You onionhead niggas spread out and parley
Yo, Rae these ick days get crashed with ash trays
I pull stings like, guitar strings down in Spain
I'm so hyped Jakes label God "crack cocaine"
Y Equality Self God, yeah yeah you know it kid
Ricky fucked up a G-Pack, blow his wig
He's rocking Wu Wear, the latest in fleece uniform
He's a newborn, look at money swearing like he on
But anyway back to furry Kangols, Jamaican Wallabies
My back is on the wall, bombing devils with tricknology
My heart is cold like Russia, got jerked at The Source awards
Next year two hundred niggas coming with swords!




This is why the World Series of Poker
Is decided over a no limit poker tournament
Players, pro's even, can't handle the pressure of the game
They consider no limit the only pure game left


You gotta know how to play your cards, have a mean poker face
And know an ace deuce can take out your pocket broads
This is no limit hold 'em, you gotta know when to fold 'em
If you plan on, staying on top
You can't lose, what you don't push into the pot
You can't make much either, if you a believer of luck
Go all in, if you're feeling your cards, deep in your gut


It was a late Saturday night, big chips, we had a lotta
Theodore performed at the plush Borgata
It was an hour in, big chip leader of the game
Caught pocket jacks and flopped two more of the same
Looking at quads, waiting for someone to bluff
So I checked til someone said "I had enough
I'm raising a thousand, son I pay to see the river"
Caught an ace and his face, was a straight up giver
He had three now, must of caught two in the hole
A full boat, I'm about to sink ship, tell him to fold
He laughs, raises his fifty g's, please I need chip count
The pit boss, swear I flip over, you gon' flip out
I'm all in, here to win, I rep Staten Island
He called it, I showed four jacks, he started wilding


This son of bitch..
All night, he set me up, he check, check, he trapped me!




It was a cash game, 100/200 dollar table
Me and Johnny Mack sitting, God willing and able
July 23rd and 4th, the lions is out
It's the month of the Leo, we gon' win with no doubt
Bunch of high rollers, laughing like he know we're low in the amateurs
I buy in for the max, twenty G's, I'mma damage ya
Couple of chuckles, broken glasses, all tinted
I'mma put ya'll all on tilt, give me a minute
So I check, raise 'em, bluff 'em, ain't showing my cards
Two, four, off-two, ya'll ain't no superstars
I should of been at the table, World Series of Poker
I'm up 80 G's already, ya'll a bunch of jokers
Now they all on tilt, raising, I call 'em all in
With pocket three's, for 80 G's, I'm ready to fall in
Flop two aces, caught my three on fourth street
A four hundred thousand dollar pot boy, life's sweet




He beat me.. straight up
Pay him, pay Shawn Wigs his money



Fourth quarter time


Clarks is lighty scuffed, need a new pair
Jacob Javits Center, Wu and Snoop there
D-Block pull up, olive green drops
The interior suede, cuz thats boss crock
Air fresheners hang, the joint is sold out
To capacity, this young bitch keep asking me
Can I suck your dick?, Not now, shorty
Maybe after the show, just hold fast for me
Ferocious bangles, birds on both arms
Im jew-eled out like a box of Lucky Charms
On stage, two treadmills, a pull-up bar
Involved with the lights to give it that red feel
Feeling like Bruce Wayne, making up for never making the prom
Ma, you chilling? The belt glow in the dark
Where my aunt stays, batteries gone
Thats when I pull a forty out for Ason


Wu-Block, Im from a gun play habitat
Let me run into Nicki, Im smashing that
What you know about the ratchet in your mother mouth
Killah banging the neck, with two rubbers out


(Man, thats murder, you fuck with Wu-Block, now thats murder)
Shout out to Ason (yeah)
Aiyo, Ghost, Im going in, family (go head, get em)
Feel me, son (yeah)


Sheek and Ghost Deini, aiyo, Cap, pour that bitch a martini
Loosen her up, fuck it, pour Goose in her cup
Tell her chill, cuz the Gods is here
Big money in this place, Im balling when Im leaving out of Chase
Red diamonds on a Freddy Kruger face
I dont get pat down, you know whats on the waist
I dont mean jazz when I say I count base
Fly Louis sneakers, Purple Tape coming out the speakers
Bumped into my high school teachers
They said I wouldnt be nothing, sitting on the bleachers
Now Im sitting in the Phantom, trynna figure out the features
Im a big fish now, I watch for the leeches




Aiyo, I jump on stage with my dick in my hand
Im a Park Hill nigga, straight from Shaolin
New York is the borough where I pump my rocks at
Bitch ass niggas where I dump my Glocks at
I dont have to get dip, Im known and flossy
Im known everywhere like Remedy Rossy
Never say shit, Im hard and cocky
Too hot for these tracks, wash this summer
Go hard for the hood from Allentown to Sumner
Yeah, nigga, what, Im just one of us
For all my jail niggas, that feel wondrous
Fuck a fat bitch, with a thunder butt
Mad groupie love, too caliente
Mahogany, polly with Sin Jay
My nigga Ghost Rider, King Sheek Louch
Im in the fly spotlight with that Papoose





It's a rise of a power, the powerful one
The fighting Lester Kane feels his kingdom will come
But the don Raekwon has flesh to find
The face of a killer in a ghostly design
The face of a killer in a ghostly design




The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man


Yo, pa, I got a lady, I'm 'bout to make her my baby
Might even make a baby, the thesis makin' her crazy
She know my style wavy, I'm circlin' her Mercedes
Father, father was a preacher, I'm almost certain he hates me
But he ain't gotta date me and look, his baby is grown
And she decides on her own who resides on the throne
I'm her king, she my queen, we keep it right in the zone
And she understands the fact that I'm even right when I'm wrong
When she was prayin' in church, I was playin' in dirt
That's 100, I admit that we both was playin' at first
When opposites attract, I ain't always sayin' it works
I'm just sayin' ain't no use in me strayin', that make it worse
It's Wu-Tang, baby, my crew bang
And she's the preacher's daughter, I just call her my boo thang
And we tighter than shoestrings, or 10 grand in rubber bands
Man, sometimes I tell your parents just don't understand


No. yo, you mean Pastor Brown's daughter?
The preacher, the rich slave-maker of the poorer?
I used to see her Sundays comin' from church
We used to kick it at her window when her pops at work
Yo, her parents didn't play
She couldn't even come out to play on a school day
Thought she was gonna give me some on April Fool's day
(But no, no way) nah, (no, no-no, no-no, no-no way)


The preacher's daughter, she an illegitimate child
She know the word, but she be runnin' in them streets foul
She married to a man, but she's crushin' his brother now
See her in the market place loud and boisterous
With tight spandex on, chokin' her oysters
She a seductress in the form of a goddess
Never virtuous or modest, poison the part is
Breakin' the vessel, turn brother against brother
Man, that's how she molest you
That's why the preacher man prolly a mess too
Cause the fruit that she devourin' is evil
Never sin around righteous people
Black widow, preacher's daughter comin' to eat you


The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man


I met her on the bus stop with black eyes
That's why she said she don't fuck with black guys
I cleaned her up, fed her all my wisdom
Her father spit the gospel but she never caught the vision
Brutal ass whoopins, always facin' these evictions
So she only fuck with thugs that'll wind up in the system
Them greasy bastards quick to squeeze a ratchet
Never knew the science of virtue, Ecclesiastes
Like, a time for peace, a time for war
A time to laugh though, she never felt God before
Eternal love that'll pop like a kernel, this is grown folk talk
Between me and her, it don't concern you


The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man




The Fuck?
It's just the new way of thinkin
Light up the broccoli kid
Throw the relish in my back pocket
Keep your eyes open
Push your seat back, just flow...
That's how we doin it

Bound by honest sword take over the set; rap from here to Que-bec
Throw up the tech, crash your intellect select a vet
Swimsuit mammal handle, yo every fly vandal go to project
Slam you like Hamill's wife 'fore the scandal
Wally sandal just a sample, my niggas fertilize thoughts
Yo mad support drink a quart then bamboo
When nasty can blew, my pen sterile won't perform if I'm not lampable
Askin my man'll get you slapped down; play the anthem
Lit it who wit it champagne get it, that's the ticket
Solid nines soundin like crickets snatchin worker shipment
Pull the air, long dick it, we talk right before we left lifted
Just like a long sleeve, guess who rip it?

 Projects
 My niggas survive, just like a movin target
 Projects
 Where niggas live and some sell garbage that's
 Projects
 Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin
 New York projects
 I'm livin large yo, stop miragin


Sign of the times, conspiracy to overthrow the mind
Behind every fortune there's a crime
This technique is tech-9
Blast at any Close Encounter of the Third Kind
This be the evil that man do, we dismantle, any adversary
Them niggas all thumbs and can't handle, my flurry
Hear me, you jam all you want to scare me
Don't even kid me, shit in my coke aimin at cha kidney
Pressure, Red Hot like Chili Pepper
Black 'n Decker, hardware avoid the leper
Five o'clock shadowboxer, hold down the sector
Bet ya bottom dollar lecture, be hard to swallow
Double oh-seven mark
The secret agent that Max/well and Get Smart, through entertainment
Welcome to The Killin Fields, with Johnny Dangerous
Headbanger boogie niggas goin thru changes

 Projects
 My niggas survive, just like a movin target
 Projects
 Where niggas live and some sell garbage that's
 Projects
 Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin
 Projects
 I'm livin large yo, stop miragin


Suck my dick it's the kid with the fat knob
I bust all into ya face, plus it come in globs
Quick get on your knees, with yo' sweet pussy let it breathe
Two fingers is all in your hole, think I can fit three
Your pink lips, spread it in shit, let me throw my dick in
Grab my shit and place it gently, on your clit
Ping-pong pussy, wide world of wombs titty saggin
Stomach on some scriveled up prune shit
Too much air in your pussy you screamin that it's
TALKIN TO YOU DADDY, fart's breathin out your lips splashin my dick badly
Use vinegar, to try to tighten up your ginger
All-mighty dick, ran in with a cape, some call him engine
Lightning rod bob, black candy cane attatched to God
Thick, like a great adventure cigar, in your garage
Pregnant pussy have you fall out, like Remi on the house
Watch the teeth for slobbin my shit
You bit it on the couch, dry pussy leave the friction burns
Plus beef I hone, the condom broke
Bitch you got AIDS I'm shakin in my bones




This world is full of shockers, and project soap operas
Episodes of drama, never ending sagas


You know Pudgie, who rock the old rugby, kinda chubby
Timbs always muddy, and his wiz is kinda ugly
Him and his man Dudley got killed in an accident
Late last night, when they was driving down Castleton
The whip was badly crashed, come on, you do the math
They probably smoked a bag, no seatbelts, they flew through the dash
The forecast was foggy, light drizzle, sky; cloudy
Lost control at the wheel, a front pole wrapped they Audi
It was televised, at the scene live, on Channel Seven
Newsflash story, this just in, around eleven
Yellow tape scenery, barricaded the block
Patrol cars and EMS, all invaded the spot
It was tragic, they swerved out of control to a wood traffic
Hopped the curb, tired flatted, glass shattered
Witnesses said they heard a big bang and loud screetches
And Tamika said police found drugs in Pudgie speaker
Plus son had an open case, for dope and base
Jake rushed his moms lab, he got bagged in Ocean Lake






Oh lord, two shots just went off on Broad
I ran out the building, seen my man on the floor
Children running frantic, with fear, all I saw
Was a four door Explorer, made a uey, then pulled off
Miss Gloria screaming, nobody seen him by the store
Beanie and Jamal, freaking on the lawn
Told me, if they get you, call Ruck with the rental
My mental went rushing, who the fuck was buzzing
Was it them niggas that we stuck for them hundreds
Or did that bitch that we ran a train on, tell her husband
Moving fast, hoping that my man don't past
Heart pumping, eyes closing, yo, he might not last
EMS please hurry, nervous and worried
He's only 19, he's too young to be buried
Got a life ahead of him, Georgia Tech just accepted him
Point guard, but at this point, God
It was heaven and Allah opening gates for the star
It was hard, I couldn't believe, he stopped breathing
Stopped from achieving his dream, now he leaving
Thugs grieve, aiyo, he never slinged a thing
And died over drug beef, it's a ghetto soap opera
Living on these bugged streets, streets, streets






Now Barbara need to stop
Always at the kitchen table, lighting up the rocks
While her daughter sit and watch
Cuz her bathroom out of order, gotta knock on Uncle Kevin's door
But it's really scary, cuz he live way on the seventh floor
And she was out on 2, the older brother still in school
But she had to stay home cuz of the flu
Only six, but she more advanced than other little kids
Always wondering, what's going on, outside the crib
So she stepped into the hall, pressed the elevator button
Bumped into this kid, making a sale, it wasn't nothing
So cool, little and frail, but she knew what he was pumping
At the store, he would walk to mommy, and hand her something
And she always gave her money, few minutes after they got back home
She acting funny, attitude getting ugly
So she took the ride up, five floors, knocked on the door quick
Didn't even speak, she just headed for the toilet
After she was done, he told her go to the store, the milk spoiled
Plus we needed some bread and some tin foil
Little girl heart was loyal, so she ran downstairs
Knocked on the door, to get Barbara, but she could not hear
Now she at the corner with nobody to cross her, red light changing
And up come a speeding Explorer..


This is Juwana Brookman, reporting for WTMI
Broadcasting live from Staten Island
What started out as an ordinary day
Ended in a catastrophic three part tragedy
Police officials released information of a brutal car accident
That lead to the death of two men in the Stapleton area
Soon after, a minor was gunned down in front of his aparment building
To add to the travesty, a young girl was a victim of a tragic hit and run
Details of her condition, are still to be
The warrants have issued a 50 thousand dollar arrest
For any information leading to the arrest and conviction of the suspect
If you have any information, we ask that you contact them at
1-800-BE-A-SNITCH, this is Juwana Brookman
Signing off for WTMI News






Caller: "So whassup, man?"
DJ: "Coolin', man."
C: "Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you why right?"
DJ: "Why?"
C: "Because, you, I never ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?"
DJ: "Yeah."
C: "You know what I wanna hear, right?"
DJ: "Whatchu wanna hear?"
C: "I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint."
DJ: "Wu-Tang again?"
C: "Ah yeah, again and again."


I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh, tick tock and keep tickin'
While I get you flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red: Danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal too hot to handle
You battle, you're sayin' goodbye like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal


The way I make the crowd go wild
Sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal
Call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and
Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, akh


It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Mef
Movin' on your left, UH!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break, fool, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow the nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style will live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "Suuu"?
Nuff respect due to the 1-6-oooh
I mean ohhh, yo, check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*


Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with a "Suuuuuuu"


C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon


Yo, you best protect ya neck


First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass


For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
There's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats; if Rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is dim in the light of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes


Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, wearin' Aropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe, then attack the globe
With the buck-us style, the ruckus
Ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums
(He'll be) comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one down
Ju-Jugger-Genius, take us the fuck outta here


The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight!


You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck




Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome to you
All the way from the slums of Shaolin
Special uninvited guests
Came in through the back door
Ladies and gentlemen, it's them!


Dance with the mantis, note the slim chances
Chant this anthem, swing like Pete Sampras
Taking it straight to Big Man On Campus
Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas
Scandalous, made the metro panic
Cause static with or without the automatic
And while I'm at it, yo, you got cash, pass it
It's drastic, gotta send half to Dirty Bastard


Waves is spinning, blades is spinning
Slay em in the eighth inning
Stay truck, god stay playing linen
Kill rap, observe the uptowns, ho, feel that
Mink jeans on, seen where the real at
2000 Zitos, moving with a ill ego
For real, for real, ill lines, ill people
Yo, bring it back, 9 more civilians
Pollying deals, monopoly and bills, y'all niggas lying
Caught 300, lab look royal wit a mean stomach
Go broke, all seen, done it
Words from the heavy set, if I don't eat, then we already met
Fly ass bro, liver than coke


Now what Clan you know with lines this ill?
Bust shots at Big Ben like we got time to kill
Niggas can't gel or I'm just too high to tell
Put on my gasoline boots and walk through Hell
With 9 generals, 9 ninjas in your video
9 milli blow, semi-auto with no serial
Man metaphysical, I speak for criminals
Who don't pay they bills on time and fuck with digital
Never seen, smoke a bag of evergreen
My sword got a Jones, more heads for the severing
Johnny in the dungeon, taking all bets, throw ya ones in
Scared money don't make money, throw ya guns in


That's word to Damo, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Blowin hydro on a beach wit Tamiko
My gun bullet hollow for you to swallow
Blowin' the nozzle, hear it whistle
One in the head, this is code red, man for dead
X amount of lead spray from the barrel
Heat clear the street like Connor O'Carroll
Fully equipped, rifles, banana clip shit
To make my niggas from East New York flip


Yo, you may catch me in a pair of Polo Skipperys, matching cap
Razor blades in my gums (BOBBY!)
You may catch me in yellow Havana Joe's goose jumper
And my phaser off stun (BOBBY!)
Y'all might just catch me in the park playin' chess, studyin' math
Signin 7 and a sun (BOBBY!)
But you won't catch me without the ratchet, in the joint
Smoked out, dead broke or off point (BOBBY!)


Wallo's comfortable, chocolate frosting
Your socks hangin' out, yours is talkin'
Rock so steadily, son, I'm still crazy
Sport my old Force MD furs from the 80's
Nat Turners wit burners, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Taught y'all niggas how to rap, reimburse me
Rothsdale's, ruby red sales, Bloomingdale's, blocks
Ox tails chopped up in Caribbean spots
I'm nice, maxed out, creepin' wit the ax out
Murder these bikini bitches, switchin with they backs out


Niggas wanna pop shit, I pop clips
Bitch, I'll put my dick on ya lips
Alabama split, hammer slay quick
That David Banner gamma ray shit
Shells in the mouth, jailhouse snitch
My powder voice, Snow White sniff
Verbal killas, gorilla grip
God body shit, puff Marley spliffs


You might see me in a 6, that's not my style
You might see me wit a bitch, that's not my child
I be in the benzo, keep a low profile
Dead serious, take flicks and don't smile
Tryin' to get money, y'all cats is wild
I pose for the clothes, make a song like wild
I'm a chip off the board game, got sword game
Live life to the fullest, still want more fame
Darts on layaway, beats on standby
Outfits pressed up, ready for airtime


Run on the track like Jesse Owens
Broke the record flowin', without any knowin'
That my wordplay run the 400 meter relay
It's on once I grab the baton from the DJ
A athlete wit his iron cleat in the ground
Wireless nigga who sprint off the gun sound
The best time yet still 7.0
Swift flow made the cameramen clothes blow



Verse 

We make the club jump every time we walk in this bitch
Yea, we shining. You can tell my niggas is rich
Rozay and Patron at my throne, women at my feet
Staring like they want me to beat
This New York rap, I'm on the other side of the map
Nine nickel plate strap with a bitch on my lap
Back to back on the FDR, big cigar
You can tell there's a star in one of these cars
She's with Ghostface, yeah a bird on her wrist
Mask on face, ***********************
Everybody try but they can't do it like this
This Don Donna it starts I bet I won't miss

Hey yo



(Repeat 2x)
Pull them cars out
We gettin money over here
Them bottles on the table
The weed in the air
Your woman starin at us
Them haters ice grillin
Wu-Block, you know we in the buildin

Verse 2: 

Every little spot they know me
Loyal females who can't just give me the twat
They show me like I'm a big stock broker on Wall Street
I said, "Nahh, I'm that big drug dealer from 4E!"
A lot of guacamole, know a lot of parolees
Slung in front of a lot of these delis eatin cannolis
I stayed on the front line like private events in airports
And live by the code I'mma bust mine
Word, tunes, start shorty while I got a tongue in my ear
Don't get a stain on my Porsche
Light-skined said she a virgo
Said she love my roll game and my bird yo
A baby ghost appeared from the blunt smoke
It lingered through her hair and set into her clothes
Her bag fell, I saw a 38 snub nose
I stole that and still fucked her when the club closed

Chorus 2x



Bust honey on your face, hundred stacks on the car
If I spend a rack today, get that rack back tomorr
I'm a cash ruler, rulers zig-zag allah
Get my money off the hook like I'm Abdul-Jabar
Get my money off the book like Steve Paul
Then fall, act hard, but they livin
They think like a man, but act like they women
I never trust a broad with that in God trust only trust in God
Look at me, I'm what these little haters wanna be
I'm your man, 50 grand and I keep it a hundred G
I'm that block on fire, it's like a hundred and three
Rappers come a dime a dozen but they don't come in tha peace
I only need a few raps when you comin with cheese
And the people you come up with, they be comin to me
We got the city under siege
Where the tightest ladies
Wear the tightest dungarees

Chorus 2x






"Am I a good man? ..."


Take my hands out my pockets you can see my thumbs
Both of them turned green from counting the ones
Memorized by the glory, word life
Cut off niggas who killed good but couldn't do nothing for me
Shout 'em out every once in the blue
And kid yo, I never rocked with laws they keep away, we cool
I devised my own stimulus plan, I'm niggarish
I'm tired of eating those crumbs and black licorice
To free my mind on Friday, I cleanse in the mosque
Let the imam pray over my head and wash
Thoughts, sterilized, purified, Godly
Watch us gift men and fetch the green like barley
If that shit happen I'll feed his whole army
Talking 'bout the angels and peeps in Somali
Try to stay humble and swallow my pride
In God I trust, now talk about the ones on your five
Crisp dollar billing, catch me in a little hut in Benin
Village style, feeding the children
Big pots of jasmine tea with Mandela
Africans chanting me on like Coachella
Ghostface Bumaye, Kumbaya my Lord
My death day, 24 karat tomb I lay
Wishing they could bury me next to the prophets
Nabi, Lut, Is'a, Musa, Hadrat Muhammad, Ibrahim

"Am I a good man?" (I don't know)
"Am I a fool?" (We'll see)


The Lord takes me, gathering speeds before winds
High currents, distance, places be forming wings
Kings offering, thrones was there
Man with the seven crowns on his dome was near
Feet walked over rose petals sold from the ghetto
Face froze in gold like the pharaoh
Adorned in glory, robe of light, a power for his cherub
As He passed the path, white doves crossed the eyes of thugs
Eternal heartbeat and the dark fire in his blood
Seven hundred books were opened
Embraced to write, then threw the crooks in the ocean
Skin brass hair like it grew from goatskin
The chosen has spoken, tablets were broken
The smoke hand grabs an omen
Gravity grabbing me gradually, dragging me through Hell's cavity
This is blasphemy, I fell where the jackals feed
God felt bad for me but cast me in the Caspian Sea
Satan gave the dragon his key, Wu-Family's the faculty
K.P., K.P

"Am I a good man? Am I a fool?
"Am I?"


He used to sling in the stairwell
Fast to put the rap on a thinking cap, ignite your hair gel
No such thing as the fair sale
He'll put the bullet out same day, delivery airmail
And on this level a thug will sell your garbage
No refund, the only exchange from the cartridge
But the users just kept coming back with their life earnings
Ready to make a deal, soul and pipe burning
The outcome tragic, the household dramatic
Living rooms for heating spoons, basements for addicts
Support from a bean, hit the courts from a fiend
Who betrayed one, who had lit the torch for his team
So he sent them gifts, body parts per diem
In a box that held prints but too dark to see 'em




Oohhh... This that fire! Ghostface and Missy


Somebody tell that girl that her ass too big
I give it to her right and she let me live
Can't eat that, cuz there's no relationship
I beat that, the next day you called in sick
Frontin', not for nothin', I pop buttons
Off Baby Phat, Levi's, J.Lo's, Guess and Gap
Cuz it's like that, young lady, bet I make you shake
Like the Puffy and Jay-Z's, Dre's and J.D.'s
Come on, if not you, I'mma beat this song
But if you were bout it, our business wouldn't be here this long
Let me break it down for you, all I wanted to know
If I could just feel it and touch it, and break it down into numbers and
Come with me and just leave your friends
Cuz we don't need no cock blocking
Tellin' you this without no option
Tell your friends "Peace, look, I'm bouncin'"


Tush, tush, tush
Wanna slide in the bush, bush, bush?
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in my tush, tush, tush?
You could slide in the bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in that tush, tush, tush?
Wanna slide in my bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)


Oh yeah, you jinglin' baby (well let me jump up on that ding-a-ling baby)
Ooh, gosh, you a nasty girl, sassy
Picture me layin' you inside my classic pearls
Toes'll curl, giddy up, you go girl
I'm about to, uh, do it slow girl
Ooh, you in control, it's in your world
She on, I think I like ol' girl
Take it out, turn around
Charlie horse, shit, threw me off balance
Wildin', all I wanted was to show you my talent
To let you know on how I rep in Staten Island
This is the reason I came to you
So we can connect it then kick it was the thing to do
Cuz we don't need no representation
Domination, got them waitin' patient


Now this is the way ya'll suppose to
To get dowwnnnnnnnn, ya'll ain't right
Somebody say "Aha! Ghost is back!"


Pull back the curtain, let me work your sermon
Playboy don't hurt me like a virgin
You seem real determined to put a hurtin'
But if you ain't slurpin', then you better off jerkin'
You got a lot of nerve, to wanna serve my curves
My 36D, 36 hips
The way I shoot the gift, I swallow coke bottles
And you would swear it was Lil' Kim lips
Eh, I really like you baby
Do you know how to wife this lady?
Give me what I want, don't talk, don't touch
Unless you got a bank account that make my face blush
Now shush... in my bush
And I can give you what you want, make a whoosh
Just throw it, I'll show you how to push
Kinky sex, tie ropes around your wrist
Come on..



Come on... hah... oh..
Come on... hah... oh... aha-ha
Oh... aha-ha... whoo!
Come on!




We love hip hop, and live a life of crime
Felt like I've been robbed, gotta take what's rightfully mine
So I'm staying on my job, yo, as far as the grinds
Gotta put in that work every day and just (put it on the line)
Strong mind still shine, young man in my prime
Had to switch it up on 'em, had to change with the times
Now the flows upgraded, got the labels in line
And sold five, get ya money up bitch (put it on the line)


You about to read the greatest book ever published
The life and times of Trife Diesel, I give my heart to the public
Peep how a young boy was discovered, follow me, y'all
And bare witness as a nigga touch on these subjects
The year was 1980, the summer was hot and hazy
Reagan was president, and Nancy was the first lady
Born to a Mr. and Mrs. Bailey, a healthy lad
Wasn't poor, but, I didn't come from a wealthy pad
Moms and dad still married, they both try'nna provide
Two brothers and two sisters, I'm the youngest out of five
Stapleton's where I reside, the north side of the Island
Where try'nna survive was a challenge, my hood was flooded with violence
And crack was the new epidemic, and by the early 90's
The recall law was passed down by the Senate
The Yankees just won a pennant, and Jordan was in his prime
Now I'm living this life where I'm forced to (put it on the line)




I'm on a journey, leaving no stone unturned
For your concern brother, I work for all I earn
Whether a crib in the p's, or a five mill mansion
Showing my ass like a stripper on some high heels dancing
Nowadays I'm showing expansion, controlling my team
And fuck a but-but, I'm try'nna get ahold of that phantom
My pops taught me how to hustle and attend to your ventures
Cuz a man is not a man if he ain't got no incentitive
Dealing with money, then everything has a percentage
Whether street or corporate office, try to keep a good image
Note these jewels I had to swallow, them words I still follow
Describe all, now me and this music, we such a good combo
Every 'morning' like Alonzo, I was serving indiction
Getting that money, fam, no matter the weather conditions
So I learned that it's better to listen, play your position
If you can't take the heat, then stay the hell out the kitchen






Holllllllld it!
Now you get out of here, I'm warning you
(You bastards can't push us around - wanna fight?)
I'll take you on


That nigga's twisted
Stop playin with that clip man
Close them fuckin blinds too man, y'knahmsayin?
Yo Don my man, get out of the stove man
Get away from the stove nigga
Stop playin man, the fuck is you talkin 'bout?

(Verse One: Raekwon)
I'm in the crib watchin Larry King Live, the new Guccis on
Refrigerator, smokin some kush, this nigga's a lighter
Swisher, becoming a roach, go get the glass ashtray
Pour the glass of Cru, tap the bottle then toast
Barrie took a sip for the cause, yeah my son
Soon to be 3, tried to fill his bottle then run
Then I got a collect call, heard niggas down the block is fighting
Some nigga got knifed up brawling
Heard the kid was 19, Little Infiniti too
His father worked up at the dealer he love Wu
They tried him for his Louis', son wasn't having it though
Yeah, yeah my nigga, the color of glue
Decided i'mma intervene, guess who tried to wild on me my nigga
This is like out of the blue
I'm in the Range stretch, jumped out, tucked the chain
Proceeded to talk to him, then you heard the heavy face slap
Think I broke my wrist, now I'm at the hospital vexed
Fucked up my writing hand, that's my check
Now I wanna kill this little nigga true
Only thing that stop my gun flaming cause he related to you


Who? He ain't related to me
Just that I knew him for like 18 years until he violated, stealing my gear
If my lil' homey, yo he eat anything for me
Send him uptown, he get bagged, yo he never call me
Come home and still blow cats for me
Pump crack, stabbing all them hoodrat shorties
A live gunslinger well known, born to dance
When the heat is on, Stapleton days, shot himself in the groin
The gun went off, it looked like a flick
When he fell to the floor, holding his nuts, screaming "God damnit
Shit I put one in my balls, what the fuck y'all looking at me for?
Call the police, do something
Motherfuckers standing around, watch when I get better
All hell's gonna be terror
Death to you, you," he pointed at Red
I said chill, that's fam duke
He put real work in that make you puke, fuck that
But anyway son indeed, he stole two Polo rugbies
Swore to his dead mother, I couldn't take it
Yo Lord I knocked out his teeth
Now he's rocking those false joints like everything's peace




Yeah, uh, Ghostface, Ashanti, uh-huh, yeah
Aiyo, baby, I want you to
Explain to me everything you just been going through lately
I know you been dealing with a lot of problems
I'm here, just talk to me, please


I'm lookin in the mirror at this woman down and out
She's internally dying, and knew this was not what love's about
I don't wanna be this woman, the second time around
Cuz I'm wakin' up screamin', no longer believing, that I'm gonna be around


Over and over I try, and over and over you lie
And over and over I cry


Rain on me (Lord won't you take this)
Pain from me, (I don't wanna live, I don't wanna breathe til you just)


See I don't wanna hug my pillow late at night no more
I'm tossing and turning, and thinkin' about burning down these walls
I don't wanna feel this fire no more, no more, no more
See I made up my mind cause I wasted my time
Ain't nothing here to keep me warm



Aiyo Ashanti, don't let this young boy stress you and shit
Put the knife down, I said, put it down here
Take this tissue and chill and come here now
If I was the real last month, I would've broken down
On the strength, seein' you cry, is like havin' visions of watchin' you die
And you know I can't take that, so
What these brothers lack is grown man experience
They too young, and can't love and won't take you serious
Baby, I come to you, on this very day, that's my word
I promise to cherish, promise to love
No more lonely nights, no more wet pillows
No more empty hugs, rub your right earlobe
The sweat off my body'll be a rain when the touch is yours
I promise to wait for you to drop them drawers
And there is one thing, you must understand
We gon' dance in the rain, can I be your man?




Yeah baby, you know
Sometime you gotta go through hell to come out right
Youknowhatimsayin, and I know
I understand everything you goin' through, youknowhatimsayin
It's like, through this full rainstorm, you gotta be strong
Youknowhatimsayin, you gotta be understandin' the raining
Youknowhatimsayin, it's like everything's gon' be alright
The sun always gonna come out, youknowhatimsayin
That's why I'm here, I wanna just bring a little smile to on your face
And just rub your back, and just, massage you a little bit
Rub your earlobe and, kiss that neck of yours, and
Rub your feet, tell you to chill
Youknowhatimsayin', baby, this is me
Straight from Staten Island, baby...




It's a mystery inside
Of how I'm gonna get mine
I'm thinking 'bout so many ways
Of how to conquer these rainy days


You sang beautifully just now
I sing for him, and he isn't here


It's going down man, word man, what's up black?
Niggas just fuckin' robbed my gate man


Word?


Fuckin'... I'mma murder somebody man
For real I ain't playing, whatever whatever


It's raining, he's changing
My man is going insane, insane


The war is on, yo
On rainy days I sit back and count ways on
How to get rich son, show and prove, ask my bitch
Stood up late nights, build with my a-alikes
We can pull a heist, snatch ice, or rock mics
But this rap shit, got me wanna clack back the latch
How it goes the only pesos made from scratch
But in due time, soon to get mine like Bugsy
Heavy on the wrist, Polo Moc, Socks and Rugby's
Old flicks remind me of Gucci's
Back in Union Square when little Maxmil, blast Pierre
That was Build Build, fast forward, ninety-four
Who got the bad base? Filthiest fiends scream for more
Bless me out of state, howdy Jake, Starks is back
Niggas want work, 9 brought back off a g-pack
Coke rocks flood the co-ops living gossip
Them big lip niggas singing to cops need to box it
Stop it, the projects overflooded with slow leaks
The fiends get, new faces get wrapped in sheets
I gotta get mine, like my old Earth, bless the cheese line
Sipping on fine wine, the power of the blacks refined
(Rainy days) Divine
Waiting on these royalties takes too long
It's like waiting on babies, it makes me want to slay thee
But that's ungodly, so yo God, pardon me
I need it real quick, the dough flow like penmanship
Meat heads get pistol-whipped, I blow spots like horse shit
So now talk shit, nigga what?


It's raining, he's changing
My man is going insane, insane


What brings rain, hail, snow, and earthquakes
The beat breaks, cause all my niggas to break son
Styles is similar to criminals locked up
With gats, ghetto tabernacles is fucked up
I live once though, the mind stays infinite
Traveling to touch nine planets, in my midst
While I carry, to earn a decent salary
Soon get married, raise a family, but the plan'll be
Real great, to sit up in the loft, count stacks and max
And real cats cold watch my back
But listen to the Wu son, and maintain
It's all real, starving individuals kill
I puff what's only right, leave the poison alone
Projects, infested with rats, cats, and crack homes
Half of us'll try to make it, the other half'll try to take it
So many fake half real freedom-build
Born to science my alliance analyzes
Wild surprises, keeping my eyes wide to this
The unfortunate, laying in mountains counting
With jewelry on, can it be the next team house the horn
Chill dun, just for real ones, light the lye up
I hate to have to tie the next guy up
Pay attention to 1010 WINS, Wu blends
Now I'm steering you to truth, buckle up
Now who's a legend?


It's raining, he's changing
My man is going insane, insane


Word up dun
Peace to Philly, VA, these days
Word up y'all, word up
The sun moon and stars fly cars, word up y'all


No sunlight, more gun fights
I've lost him to the street life, street life
No cash flow, no more dough
He's someone I don't even know, someone I don't know
Rainy Dayz, getting through those rainy dayz
I lost him to the street life, the street life, whoa




Doing this for 1996
Revolution is a trick, be aware


Yo, yo, yo
I run with rich rap cats who run corners
They run through alleys, navy blue Ballys at the grand finale
Still in all, currency catches the eye of the youth
One time, play it on three corners of the roof
So we accept that, jetting at nights
Don't ever wet that, drop the G-pack how will I eat black
And brothers, flexing labels like cables
White Sables, pressing up, trying to make a debut
Hard times, when the God rhyme I'm aiming mines
Cause he playing mines but
We ain't related cause he raided mine
They see me lamping up in 850's
With 360's, blowing like 160 selling fifties
Due to the wicked, dice should never lie
Now that's a damn lie, proving on standby, man why?
The game, I mentally tear down the brain
Half of us are feeling pain, big boy, let it rain
I guess my whole team is marvelous
Street life novelist, let it rain dun, swallow this


You know how to love me, makes me feel so good (Repeat x2)


Guess down, a crazy new pair just for the new year
Wavy hair plus we get much cause we on the air
Cristal whyling my medallion, styling it's like city island
Relax kid, while shorty profiling
Until then, we got to bend with the wind
Plus build again, writing my friends sending 'em line Timbs
I'm tired of robberies, pornography
Throw a pair of Wally's on post for live nigga photography




Check out the hearsay, fake niggas rocking the toupee
Fronting on me and Chef, yo it's dog day
Afternoon I'm blowing up your weak platoon
Leave you helpless, screaming from all types of wounds
I be the expert, blowing like a firework
Converting concepts that will nerve-wreck in concert
Cause I write, and blast and slash your whole level
I'm hosed I be challenging pros for gold medals
Whatever, still remain sturdy like a leather
On Fridays, get your fresh fade from Mo' Better
Represent, my lifestyle is in like Flynn
Militant the God's shit is very masculine
Mad tough, major bless stuff with nuff said
Ex-dusthead, now I'm putting heads to bed
Call me a legend, flexing with the style of old
Carrying loads of loot, mad rich, burying gold
Sabotage, thoughts of living large any day now
The land to satisfy the whole garage
Back to the morrow, soon to make a novel
Born to be selling like Marvel Comic books for my survival
Beware, I'm hitting like a snare from the Delphonics
Crushing niggas I be blowing like economics
What's the... you're fucking with a deadly era
No fat, niggas be jetting when they face terror






Yo, yo
Back in black, it's your local superhero from the hood
Ironman Stark's got the good
Not that good good like Snoop
I bulletproofed the Coop'
Polished up the suit and gathered the troops
Got a brand new ray gun
Me and DOOM heading down to the range
To shoot in the matrix
Catch bullets with my hands and teeth, I break faces
Wild car chases, don of all ages
I saved the world that's fucking history pages
My Wu crescent signs in the sky at night
Watch how my eagle on my wrist take off into flight
All my might, white glass teeth that write
Ain't a bird or a plane it's a ghost on the mic
Two hammers and a diamond blade sword
Thicker than the Ford F1-50
Niggas couldn't lift me


As if, stance mad stiff
Metal Face DOOM, beware, he bear gifts
Cab for the shift, overwork, overtime
Jerk you been warned, go for mine
In the dance hall play the wall like handball
Till his pants fall, brawl till last call
Loose cannon, squeeze drip
Off to rip this one for the Gipper, get gypped
That nig' ya dig don't tip the strippers
Foamposite mask, matching slippers
Yo where's Starks? Backpack of ammo
Warriors said let your flags blow, camo
These dudes is toys like Wham-O
Damn though, chip paint driving on the gravel with the Lambo
Blammo




God body represent this shit without a shotty
That's my word, youknowhatI'msayin
Verbal intercourse, youknowI'msayin


Chorus:
Hot rock slang, reversable talk
Sound check, architect, mega talks yo
Alphabet kings politic quick
We on some real live thug shit


Beatdowns galore, kids walk away holding they jaws
Wishin they had yours, tours posters plus sneaker stores
Balls be gettin licked kid on whatever airline
Restroom style courtesy from stewardess, the bitch washed mine
Shellbox nines never been popped, Knowledge Bill shots
Israelis be hittin me, Ting's death made the store hot
Jewels gleam, niggas beam, whole team labelled wally king
Goldie bought a pair, Chinese man dot him with the green
World's greatest, Las Vegas payed us, rap crusaders
Casino champs, Gods sport the latest
Today's math, fuck nothing but ass, take Cristal baths
Go half on this robbery, we run up on Johnny Cash
Kid's invicible, back to back screws, Wu's suspenseful
You get lynched, Starks will play it cool like a mint
Like a night out, whitey's callin me like a double date
Alkies get the shanks, yo it's swine inside Hostess cakes
Yo my man, check the moral or get deaded
You bust a shot and that big bullet was unleaded
Word up, yeah, bounty killer


Yo I'm elected by a landslide, well known, heaven sent element
That shit you talk's irrelevant, got power like the president
My dialogue's benevolent, no question I'm connected got a
Gift for stick-up and late night coke pick ups
Money talk gets my dick up, especially drug related
Money boss contemplated, Bronx blocks complicated
New York by us so don't try us
Mad corrupted minds for mad corrupted times
Thank God I had rhymes
I be the rapper who be hustlin, black entrepreneur
Openin doors for the poor though it's against the law
Livin the climate for a killin, smack the law and fuck your order
Some others watch your daughters, it's a slaughter
In the world of scramblers and gamblers, dicks and dykes
Long cars and caviar, you know the project stars
I give a penny for your thoughts, pay a nickle for tush
So stop beatin round the bush and give it to me
The way you look is goin through me
Sue me, takin everything I got and
Plottin animosity for my property
Got me and locked me away from the world
I'm wonderin who's puttin use to my money and my girl


Chorus (2x)


Check it, yo
Thoughts collaborate with gun talk, shatter weak force
My strategy, stalk for casualities walk
They tragically caught a cavity in they anatomy
Assault and battery for havin me
Believin that they bad, in actuality they cavalry's butter soft
Niggas runnin off with the gun and talk
Loose lips, slip the fucker two clips to shut him off (blaow)
So sweet dreams to your weak team, my heat feeds ya ass to rest
See who pass the test of guns that blast the best
You never win against Killa Sin, you're similar to Gilligan
We're fillin his ass, not worth the mentionin
Like snatchin pocketbooks and claimin bodies that you didn't catch
Aimin empty Glocks at niggas' necks without intent to wet
You just a wannabe, gonna be dead nigga
In front of me with no abundancy amongst your currency
Flat broke, sellin lady powder maybe even flour
Last thing I heard a fiend that flips over a baby shower


Yo I remember gettin ganked, staggerin on the plank
Dwellin on the edge, full fledged, grabbin for bank
Auto pounds touchin clowns, DT's clock rounds
For slick was in the SL, forty shells hit the ground
55 on the Belt, fifty grand in my belt
Then I swerve to New Jers, that's where Iceberg melt
It was a ruthless type of homicide, this is the drama side
Porcelin nine milli slugs tear up your insides
Venomous vocabulary, mad niggas heard it
Got annointed like the Juice, two minutes before the verdict
Who make a claim, who movin caine on trains
Slick lines is open, out of state kids give me the lane
Def flip the track, cut the rhyme like quanines
Stampin undertaker, the slums is mine nigga


Chorus (2x)


Real Live up in this piece, the remix
Word up, Wu-Gambino representin
Tony Starks, yeah yeah
Cappadon doin his thing
Killa Sin, hit em, hit em kid
Yeah, Lord Tariq, you nice duke
Uh, K-Def, knowImean, keep bustin em dunn



 Yeah
 Yo, yo Asia, whattup God?
 It's the God Wu-Tang shit
 Uh-huh, yeah baby, let's just murder this track
 That's my word
 Yeah, Supa Dave West
 Uh-huh, yeah (yeah) aiyyo Lord spank 'em


Yo, powerful rap robotic style off chronic to cosmic
Follow this flow from out the projects
My shine timeless, clique +Criminal Minded+
My time spent, knockin out daily assignments
The capacity of my writtens make y'all niggas look mindless
In Mortal Kombat, I leave my challenger spineless
This five-five-nine shit, three strike law
Dirty cop killer music that the streets can absorb
Old souls run deep in my pores, your desperation
Predate the Earth, forming the path of civilizations
Nappy academy, manufacturers the new slang
My singles be the jingle like, pockets of loose change
My crew bang to set the mic a-fire with Wu-Tang
School y'all, Wu-Tang all in your poontang
Bullies of the block knock, gun in your face
Run in your house, tie you up and run in your safe
I'm from a sheisty-ass place where the gangsters dwell
Crack sellin to rap federal, we takin this mail, what?


From borough to borough, block to block
It don't stop like paper when the new shit drop
To all my peoples in the hood on their way to the top
Get yours, whether anybody likes it or not
From city to city, and coast to coast
Real niggas in the spot gotta profit the most
To all my peoples in the hood on their way to the top
Get yours, whether anybody likes it or not


Aiyyo it's Tony the rapper, Starks the ballplayer
I won't rock Wally 'til they make more flavors
+Bulletproof Wallets+, take off gators
And my .22 shotty'll take off faces
Eighty-eight Pumas, velour laces
Dusted out in the staircase where {?} pays me
So many hits I need both stages
Your two.. your two cars can't touch my four bracelets
One of the most Williest niggas from Staten
Ran through Manhattan with Wally's made of satin
Cherry-pop coppertop niggas rattin, guest what happened?
Had to end a nigga with the mac-10
Masquerades, feds ask and raid like
Raekwon shallah still be in my PJ's
They knew it was them, plus they saw him do well
On tour with Theodore Genie actin full ill




Bust your gun, but I still touch ya son
I don't run cause a nigga got, dusty lungs
And when I talk people be like, you must be from
The N.Y. but them I tell 'em nah I'm straight Californian
Blunts make me born again, ballin where the Warlords dwell
I still rank first place in the tournament
Go 'head, act cocky, and meet your match
Next time I see you bet you'll be one of the speechless cats
Voice raspy suddenly all the hoes wanna gas me
Heard I did a song with Ghost nasty
My murder rap murder tracks, clean like a cat who dress flashy
Y'all niggas what's the ass be, they whole style trashy
Uncut live I got to say one thing
I'm the hardest workin EVER to step foot, in Chung King
Unclean, this year, show you who run things
Dumb things, more than a hundred thousand funding




Yeah, yeah whattup? Ghost Deini, Planet Asia
Y'all know how we do, straight up
I got my man Perm meetin me in the booth
A.C.T., word up, it's like that
Stark Enterprise, screw y'all
The W, the Clan, for real
Hotter than a gun on the sun motherfucker
Yo...




"I'm two blind to -- see the light"
"A fool can't -- see the light"
(Yeah... uh-huh)
"A fool can't -- see the light"
(Yo.... yo....)


Portable DATs, Sony headphones
El Dorado's, thousand dollar bottles, get blown
Dippin' at Willie's, Millie Jackson chicks
Dusted out Blondie, slide me, we wrote the bowl, we take the magnets
Man handling the mics, wool scarves, Evil Knievel bikes
I like eggs in my rice, circus money, read the Staten Island funnies
Eighty seven, Shallah rock, lotto's and the gumby
Tri-boro, fly negro, rap for Glaciers
Do it for cee-lo games, chasers
Battle for bitches, million dollar cribs
Grandfather gamble those wit ribs
Yes he did, life is wonderful, fly living rooms
Brass brooms, catch me in the city of wasps
Dusted out with Doc Doom, slide you in
Thirty six to the hip, you need Neo
Sock it to me G.O., the block we spot V.O
Live at the handball session, white Wimbledon's
Send them, my throat is the top session for men
Rap graduate, seen through the needles that was used by great
Fuck around and get rocked for three notes
And fuck your bitch ass alligators
When I see you on stage, throw out the gauge
My man's dough made it ---


Real nillaz do real things
Gold me'dal with the real bling
Ghetto child with the real sling
Throw the blaow, with the real aim
Hold it down for your nillaz, keep it real man
Lean back one time as you feel the liquor
Light a match, one time, inhale the ciga'
Blow the mack one time, when you kill a nigga
Real always gonna recognize real, my nilla


I hold it down with vets, make threats and take like chess
Blow cess to sets, break life sweats
Rep from the home of chrome, in eight flight steps
Town houses, white grams, brown ounces
After school drug deal courses, pound counslers
Round thousands, rubberband, black accountants
We them hood prowlers, live pushers
Try to hook the stripper, before they wipin' out they eye boogers
Stampede, nailed him, Sonny, Bronx Tale
Them locked the doors, he's home, now you can't leave
OD'ing in the Kennedy suite
Too hot to think, move for my enemy streets
I don't sleep cause the drama might catch you on the beauty nap
It's doobie rap, feds want you with a boobie trap




"Ooh I'm too blind -- I see the light"
"A fool can't -- see the light"
"A fool can't -- see the light"
"But a fool -- a fool - can't see the light"
"Ooh I'm too blind -- I see the light"
"Ooh I'm too blind -- I see the light"
"But a fool -- a fool - can't see the light"
"A fool can't -- see the light"


Aiyo, elephant guns, mad ounces
Colorful whips, slapped up bouncers
Vouche, crawling like a unit
Fly fragrance, faceless, rarely out of spaceships
Many fakes got lynched, see all up on the graphic
Taylor made mortals, leanin' on suede walls, leather's on
Ballers, maybe Benz lensers, sprayin' out of sixes
Christmas money, vicious consolidated drama rip bitches
The rich version of back, side scraper paper
Wu belt makers, show & prove that all my shit match
Tri-colored diamond, foreign color five, all kinds of iron
Swiss cheese, yo, big boy, we giants


Aiyo, my niggas get dramatic
Pump shots, nine Glocks, semi-automatic
Blat, take that, from this lyrical fanatic
We can go to war, or just peep the diplomatic
For paper, I'm an addict






Ight, now, this is how we gon' do this shit
Youknowhatimsaying? Niggas wasn't out in the streets back then
When was doing this shit son, youknowhatimean?
Yeah, check the story


I done flushed bags of powder down project toilets
You could of found of me on the steps dusted, unable to call it
Jums in my pocket, the rental was stolen, tapping pockets
On the local drug dealers, just to see what they holding
I know, niggas with crack viles stuck to they colon
The acid, done bubbled up, now they stomach's is swollen
That just, life in the hood, surrounded class, who we bag in our stash
The ultraviolet haze, we hit it and pass
We toast to the Ghost of old days, yeah, old ager hump
We rap renegades, must stay paid

 + (Ghostface Killah)
Get money (get money) Get money, Ghost (get money)
Get money (get money) Get money, Ghost (get money)


Big fluffed out gooses on, Stan Smiths
The housing cops can suck our dicks, we jumping out of convertible matchbox shits, next drip inhaling
Chilling, my throat frozen, my orange brick
Bottles of Cru', bitches with Baby Phats, they swinging ax
They singing, you still blinging, daddy, now bring it back
To smoke these rap niggas, honey, I'mma need a match
To bust the game wide open, I'mma need an ax
I juggle this, practice, smuggle heroin in the cactus
Keep it hood, I still go and fuck a fat bitch
Actress, slinging the backs of five Cleopatras
A cocaine Chef, I stretch money like elastic, nigga
My raps is bigger, dynamics with the muscle advantage
Jay Cutler on dust, when I blam shit




Yo, we been bagging since 18, kid, Polo Rugs on with gloves on
Rented cars, fronting on winning broads
Gum slow, half moon, leather pants, Avia' days
Keep your hands off my blunt and my waves
Benetton, Superman bomb, everybody in the lobby, we clapping
Hats on, protecting your moms, you know how we play
Spray something down if the team say
It's on, I dedicate my lines to the PJ's
Triple beams, Pyrex jars, smoking nickle weeds
All we did is look mad fly, icicle rings
Whatever homeboy, you want it? You could get your receipt
A little closer, you can sense we got heat, it's only me
Plus four other ill gangstas, we all anxious
To blow up your block and spank shit




Yo, I'm down for the get down, hit the town, sick the bloodhounds on 'em
I rip clowns, I flip pounds, I spit rounds
I'm on the prowl, my stomach growl, crushed by the crowd
Rush through Loud Records, drop mushroom clouds
I'm not a rapper, I'm spellbound, I melt down
Your G-Force, with heat walks
Free falling to a better money, bet he's hungry
Spread the honey, big head inside the Humvee
Mix lead inside my lungies, spend bread on my Dungarees
And such and such, Ghost plugged me with this slut
Bitch, don't hug me, bug me, I'm ugly when I fuck
I'm hard like a jungle hunter, bust off in Heather
Double cross me, lift your boss off your feet, 'course he's feather
Whatever, whatever, he cried indepence
Tennis players get fried, playing both sides of the ends
Keep your eyes on your friends, cuz they spy for the feds
Watch me rise from the dead, I got ties with the dreads






Sweet, sweet were the memories
Song and the symphony
That we had yesterday
Ohh, free, free were these city roads
But now I feel so over grown
And hard to escape
But deep beyond the surface lies ..
Before its so unjustified still you carry on
Youre a soldier, oh youre a fighter
Now don't waste another day just take what comes your way


If you know what you want to feel how high
Do you want to feel it
If you know what you want to say oh I wanna hear you say it
If you know where you wanna go how far, do you wanna take it
cause no matter what mistakes youve made
These are your redemption days


No white flag outside your door
Never gave for the sure for an easy get away
Youre mind looking out for circumstance
Is really gonna make the difference
To know the right game to play
And voices tell to be hold
Upon the wreckage lies soul
That knows the path to fields of gold
Its where you wanna reach
Youre a soldier youre a fighter
Don't go and waste another day just take what comes your way




For the Holy day cometh when you chose your desitnation
The day come when you choose your destination
A man sacrifice his life for salvation
So we can sing Bob Marley songs of redemption
You a believer or non-believer, there's no exception
I walk through the ashes when the Lord burn the sinners
Bare footed, all draped out in linens
Repentended, I lived though sacrifice
And now I wait my eternal residence in paradise
I walk the righteous path through the garden of eden with the enlighted mind I got from the knowledge of readin'
Hard to believe I achieve through the devine intervention
Im a soldier Ill be standing on the day of redemption






T.M.F. be the squad, that's the family who rep for me
And we all get money respectfully
Don't watch me, watch them niggas that's next to me
Cuz they be on some shit, and they be high offa ecstasy
We get, we get, money respectfully
We get, we get, money respectfully
Niggas who get bread, wanna talk and connect with me
Cuz they know I get money respectfully


Aiyo, I purposely approach pussy niggas for perpetrating
Pull up in a purple Porsche and get it purculating
Keep hurses waiting for people impersonating
First nigga get to hating, I'm sending him straight to Satan
As soon as Jakes open the cell gates, I blow 'em quick fast
And run up on 'em, like that midget from Hell Gate
These young boys fronting, gotta treat 'em like jail bait
Throw the barrel in they mouth and ask 'em how do these shells taste
One clip, two clip, three clip, four
I'm at the peephole with the scope while homicide is at it door
I stay raw like a Colombian's fingertips, the king of this
It's live nigga night out, don't even bring your bitch
High bridge Benzes, stunting and Gucci lenses
Fonsworth Bentley, I'm on some G's to gents shit
Relentless, paragraphs crush your defenses
Niggas get slapped twiced and brought back to they senses




Uh, my attitude is spiteful that's why I choose to use my rifle
I'm righteous with the tool and I move like a true disciple
Nigga, my goons'll fight you, beat you down to a pulp
Strip ya faggot ass naked, leave you dead in a vault
Out to show you how to live through a drought, deadliest scouts
Get a smitty glimpse in a cannon, take a trip to the south
When I was out in Toledo with three tenths of a kilo
Raw pedrico in the park getting sold by the gazibo
Purified uncut coke 'stretching' it like Bobbito
I'm some Mexican shit, wrapped in packs like a burrito
Get 'stitched' without Lilo, cuz this is how it be, yo
Them Stapleton niggas cut the bank when we rolling c-lo
Getting money til the day I'm deceased, playing for keeps
You wack rappers get evicted, I'm terminating your lease
Capisce, it's Trife Dies', I'm number one in the streets
Respectfully respect my G or get laid where you sleep




When I was young my moms named me Brink
Cuz she knew I stay truck, shitting out grams of money that stink
Brewster's Millions, my crew's brilliant, boothing eightballs
Flipping peas like I was Pharrell on skateboards
I would of smashed danger, but I don't date whores
Get money respectfully, breaking the state laws
Steal boxes of AR's and Rambo techs
Last seen fleeing the bank in the Lambo stretch
And my grandmother closet is fly, Carol Burnett scarfs
The Bob Barker ringtone is live
I'm not a lucky don, the stones in my wrist is Lucky Charms
I c-lo twice, don't mean I got a lucky arm
Steinbrenner of rap, everybody's getting laid off
I'm in the Phillipines, like Bernie I 'Madoff'
With half of my continents millions
'Catch Me If You Can' on some DiCaprio shit, laid up with two Brazilians




Niggas ain't getting money, I don't wanna hear the words
Coming out of your mouth piece, east side, west side
North side, south side, when we ride
Catch us stunting on South Beach
Niggas ain't getting money, I don't wanna hear the words
Coming out of your mouth piece, north side, south side
East side, west side, we counting money
While ya'll niggas just count sheep




A resurrection morning
The light goes
The sacrifice
The glory of the Ghost controls the soul


Time to surrender your physical being
So I can hear, touch, and smell, and start seeing
Life as a precious gift given from God
So I can enjoy my seed and start healing these scars
Take this knife and push it through your windpipe slowly
Come on Lester Kane, you better show me
You a man of your word, fuck the criminal conduct
You gotta sacrifice your life or else your time's up
He took the knife, the look on his face got calmer
I watched him take his life like a suicide bomber


It's time to go, I made a promise and I'm a man of my word
Fuck it, I'm a G and my bond will never swerve
I dreamt about this time and this place and I swear I've seen it
Now I'm face-to-face with a death angel
Thinking about the lies that I took with no strife
Standing here holding a knife, now I'm 'bout to take my own life
But it's for a good reason
My spirit needs to be replenished so I offer my soul to be relinquished


Lifeless, his body left slumped in a chair
It was time to become one, but my mind wasn't there
I wasn't sure if I wanted to walk this corrupt Earth
Smell sweat instead of fear, give up my powers
Be a simple man, let alone a ruthless killer
Crime boss syndicate, another sinner
Murderer, take lives like mine's was once taken
Or leave my seed in this cold world, my heart's aching


Man up soldier, no need to back it up now
I'm in a large space, beauty queens feeding me grapes
Jewels all thick and clusty
Me, the father, and rusty
What's the matter talking about you're not sure anymore
Did you lie to your brother Kane or did I die in vain?
You don't wanna be a sinner but sinning is in your veins
You a general, love the life of running in the city
Pretty women, lots of money, doing anything you want
Think about it, me and you as one force
There's no limit to where we can take it
Time is ticking, jump up in my corpse
And be true living king that you are, you need to live again
So you can enjoy the fruits and shine like the stars
Drink the finest wines and dine on exotic foods
Help the people who never helped, dropping a little jewels
Son you hesitating - I didn't hesitate for you
When it was my time to go, I cocked it and showed prove


A resurrection morning
The light goes
The sacrifice
The glory of the Ghost controls the soul




"Introducing the Ghostface" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Who the hypest in New York City" - Ghostface Killah
"Introducing" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Toney Starks" - Method Man
"Ironman" - cartoon sample

I'mma go hard on ya'll niggas
Dart ya'll niggas out, dropping science
To let ya'll know what the kid about
I hang like the disco ball, on the floor
I'm like John Travolta, suade blazing with my chest showing
Rings and them hard jeans, please, I'm comfy in the spot
So I'm never handcuffing my queen
It's a Theodore movement, Glock holding kids
With the chocolate boomers, aiyo fuck those rumors
Leave your chick around me, I'll get those bloomers
Bang that like des' gun, mask with the cowskin Puma's
Keep staring down the eyes of the champ, anywhere in this rap shit
Punk muthafucka, I get you blamped, word life, my throat is high
See RiggaTone with the velvet mask on
Cleaning his glass song, when ya'll niggas get ya feet done
I'm in the whore house with my man Wigs, getting his beak on


"Ironman"
"The world can't touch Ghost"
"Ironman"
"Who the hypest in New York City"
"Ironman"
"You can't destroy this"
"Ironman"
"Big Ghost steps off laughing"

Yo, I've done walked on fire (fire), never got burnt (burnt)
Slept on glass (glass), never got cut (cut)
And broke a few nose bones, yo, light off a round or two
At certain dudes where they dropped they phones
Yo this straight crack (yeah), even my hand got tooken to jail
For writing murder, my wrist couldn't take it in bail
They left my fingers for dead, told 'em
"I ain't have nothing to do with the writing"
I hold you down when you be squeezing that lead
Shopping sprees, with my mans on the corner watch D's
Rolling in threes, in them purple capri's'
A gritty bop, my watch is bigger, wallo's with the gold tassels
Your old slave, with Starkey Love on the shackle
And I stay fly underwater, my toes is iced out
Poofed the nails off, ya faggots can figure the price out
It's chump change, ya'll bitch niggas go get my coco
Get my slippers, before I go gun ho!






(Uh what you got here, is your approach)
Your approach gotta more guerilla on 'em
KnowImean? Just to make it sound official (uh)
Yeah.. yo.. (it's the realest niggas on this shit, go in)


Left the buildin on start up, heavy
Niggas couldn't take the chain, it's too heavy
Word to mother, I was swingin that Shaolin Style machete
Now when I come through it's "What up Ghost?", my folks throwin confetti
My gear is the world premiere, ox yeah, now I'm dickin down Heather Locklear
Rubber Glock in the glove box, Benz drop yeah
Hit the mall in Long Island, they got hens out there
I'm not a sex symbol, gangsta or activist
I just bubble like acid in a glass of Cris'
My pen's is Illmatic, plush robes drag across the floor
Gun hand is sore from choppin the raw
And when the jet land smoked up just look right under ya
The aircraft carry back half of Colombia
Yeah, separate the rubble
Stay beatin niggas brains out with the God broke belt buckle
Jewels, pay respect to my larynx
My bird blew niggas away like a clarinet
My hoes, they so happy I ain't married yet
And I still walk down the aisle with a plastic Tec
Haha..


Uh, that's what I'm talking bout nigga
That's some real words right there
So you know, we just gon' keep this shit rolling
Theodore, they know how we do it
Straight up and down, introducing
One fourth of the squad, Wiganomics
Uh, hit 'em nigga


Yo son I smack bitches, make 'em say "Yes, Wiggatry"
Smoke out ya room like I'm cookin up hickory
Dickory dock, my Glock tucked by the scrotum
It's Theodore, our chips' all in, you can't hold 'em
Cuz the Pips be stinky like Pepi LePew
And my style's so sick, son, they call it the flu
Influenza, top contender
Had ya girl head-noddin leavin marks on my Swollen Member
I remember them days when the Stat was my home
Now we hop state to state, flyin in and out of zones
Had to put down the heat, picked up the microphone
Started payin off the jewelers and flossin in stones
Chunky and I ain't talkin chicken noodle soup
Got a V for Vendetta this year and need to recoup
That two point five million'll slice a Sicillian
Next year we want the whole fuckin pie we makin a killin


Uh, that's right nigga
'06, bout to take us into '07
The years is ours, from here on out
Theodore, straight up and down
Word up, introducing next
You know, acknowledge the great
My muthafuckin' man J-Love


Aiyo, I come through like a Chicago Bears linebacker
Call me Brian Urlacher, straight up attack you
Then I backslap you, yeah, ya niggas get flipped
Son, I've never been a punk faggot ass idiot
Get snatched in all letters, Puerto Rican bitch fetish
Call me the streets, or the mixtape terrorist
I get respected, like a Pride Fighter champion
Out in Japan, I was ready to smash one
It's real, son, I hold down my squadron
Ghostface and Life scared Madison Square Garden
Is the next destination hip hop preservation?
Theodore Unit on an ill ass invasion
Kid Crooklyn style, Premo production
The greatest men walking, fuck all them their assumptions
Yo, call me the king, the presence of greatness
Often imitated, but you can't duplicate this


Haha, no, next up, the man who needs no introduction
Muthafuckin' New York's Backbone, take it home


Aiyo, I roll like a bat out of hell, something swell
With the money green Balley's and the chunky gazelle's
I'm an explorer like Dora, nigga, check out my aura
On the block, I assist quarters, but I'm really a scorer
Place your order, place your bets, I'll erase your set
Puncture your lung and inflate your chest
I keep killas on mountain tops, plotting on housing cops
While I'm in the spot, bagging up rocks, I'm counting knots
I got the eye of an eagle, ride for my people
These bars of life dope, and I supply you that diesel
I'm a needle in the haystack, laid back in Maybach
Slay phat, cuz he spray gats, try to escape that
Gray slacks for, all my Compton killas
Casket fillers, armed gorillas, who bomb for skrilla
Staten Island's most wanted, the backbone of the city
The rapper killings, niggas get slapped silly, you feel me?




In the beginning, it's time for a new chapter
Twelve more reasons to die, after the laughter
It's relevant, the legacy lives on lavish
Ghostface Killah, return of the savage
In the beginning, it's time for a new chapter
Twelve more reasons to die, after the laughter
It's relevant, the legacy lives on lavish
Ghostface Killah, return of the savage


I ain't letting nothing live, horrific the ghost risen
Stigmata scenery ill visions of being villains
The taste of blood is left on my tongue
Walk through the valley of death
I see the reaper waiting with two snakes kissing
Can't believe they took my wife and my kids, and straight lynched 'em
Word to God, once I get 'em, I got 'em, the moments priceless
Decapitating heads like a journalist snatched with Isis
I want revenge now!
Spotted one of Delucas men, at a restaurant
Eating spaghetti, drinking on Dom Prignon
With two other goons laughing, probably joking bout the murder
I calmly approach them with the burner
When they realized the real live G was about to serve 'em
60 pieces blew through his jaw, closing his curtains
Now it's total chaos, the people running for they lives
The other cocksuckers tried reaching for their hammers
But they was slow on their draw so I blammed 'em
Taking they tops off like a convertible drop burgundy phantom
They say the taste of revenge is sweet, well let me see
Prepare the table for a feast, take a seat, now let's eat


In the beginning, it's time for a new chapter
Twelve more reasons to die, after the laughter
It's relevant, the legacy lives on lavish
Ghostface Killah, return of the savage
In the beginning, it's time for a new chapter
Twelve more reasons to die, after the laughter
It's relevant, the legacy lives on lavish
Ghostface Killah, return of the savage


Beast mode, I'm resurrected, I hear the record spinning
Early 70s, New York Kingpins
And I see street life, the only life I know
I see Liberty, I see the motherfucking Verrazano
I see gangstas getting money, bitches acting funny
Stacks upon stacks, and not one nigga bummy
Something ain't right, these ain't the greedy streets of Italy
Where Logan and my seed? C'mon son, you kidding me?
Who's calling me? Who's looking for the killer with no face?
Who summoned me into this place? I need answers!
Behave chancellors, I'm a vigilante killer
No time for games and there ain't no nigga realer
Let's talk business, you don't wanna leak your own blood
State your name, before you get stretched like a rug!


As the Ghostface Killah and the infamous gangster Lester Kane came face to face for the first time, they reflect on the violent events that forced their paths to cross. A black crime family led by Lester Kane has made a violent push for supremacy against the surviving members of the Deluca clan, now residing in New York City. In attempt to thwart his adversary advances, Luther Luca, the head of the Deluca clan, guns down members of the Kane syndicate, as well as Lester's wife and son. The war escalates. In one fatal night, Lester and his men rob one of the Deluca clan social clubs, discovering 12 vinyl records hidden within a safe




You asked me to secure a place for you in history
History is watching, waiting for a decision
This is your moment


Ayo, revenge is sweet, that's why I take my time with it
Like good pussy I just stay when I'm up in it
Evil plan, my mind functions well off spite
I don't do that tit for tat, I blow your shit up like dynamite
Take my life, I'll take every one you love
Have your kids thrown out of a plane, Look out cuz
My plots are like movie scripts, they well planned
Snatch you off the land and drop you off in the Sahara sand
So don't scam, don't try to double cross me
My Tennessee goons'll nail that ass to the cross, B
Revenge mode, I live life by the sword
And if you live by it, die by it, I'll still kill your horse
Set me up, coming back, like a thief in the night
I'll have a suicide bomber pop up on your flight
You couldn't take my life, my mask done resurrected
And I'm Ghostface Killah, way more than you expected


Those involved with this tale cursed the day they ever heard the name Tony Starks, and wreaked the day they heard the music was played from the records which comprised of his flesh


Yes, but what they didn't expect
A hundred ghouls from the projects
Armed and masked with flamethrowers and gas'll blast anything
Hung him by his tongue ring, till he gave the info on how we find his kinfolk
Made him sign the ransom, then gave the note to his grandson
Bust the shot and made him run fast back to his family
News of his discovery would set off a chain of events
That would then lead to members of DeLucas to bleed with no exception
They sent the wrong message so kill everything, no exception to the media
There would not be a retire or cease fire till every Luca has expired, in entirety
Wishes of the god, Tone Starks to eternity, respectfully


Cutthroats, murder sprees, and killings were synonymous with his gangsta life before his passing. So it'd only seem fitting that it would become the embodiment of his new life


I keep having flashbacks of blasting at you bastards, cutting outside the benches
Got convicted of the gun charge and laughed at my sentence
Four years, five flat post-release supervision
For niggas spitting in the wind, but that's what I get for missing
So soon as I hit the bridge again, niggas is finished
Ninja mode on a mission out to end your existence
Think I'm sitting up in prison with a tin of L, in a cell, sick ass hell, listen
Everyday is like Christmas, I miss my seed and my missus, but I see em on visits
I ain't stressing over pussy, beat my dick to her pictures
When they free me I'mma see you, leave you food for the fishes
Hope the Luca crew is in for the fixing, now get the henchman
Line em up, Tommy gun em down, the muzzle extension
Tear they flesh off if one of em flinching




Bubble Goose, smokin' bubble kush
The Uzis is navy blue, a couple coupes
Satan around, stackin' suckers, save the truce
Mansions before these niggas, we done, we deucin'
Crackin' fish in the Ritz Carlton, take a piss
69 floors up, sparklin' Cris'
Moneybags stacked in duvet sheets
Few strange freaks follow the Wraiths
Walk through the gates, nigga
Pyrex Cubano connection
New York Mexicans, they call us the team for smugglin' wet shit
The Al Pacinos of rap, yep, they planned it with me
Pass the baguette, gold Louis phone, hand it to me
Raised a million champs, this is our civilian's lamp
Furless sweats, stay in jets, kill a billion camps
Pussy niggas get strangled fast
Still I'm cool on the fast, rockin' the grill of glass
Desert boot on, countin' a million cash
This is all I ask for, love is fair war, let's build the masses
Sittin', boat sailin', scenic routes, catch the quotes
Young, armed and dangerous  couple posters
I'm like known in a couple coasts
Rae and Ghost, familiar with us? Raisin' ghosts


I'm hearin' how these niggas plottin'
Madame sleepin' on Egyptian cotton
Miles Davis vinyl still spinnin'
I've been to Freaknik, I've been livin'
You see the Bentley and we smokin' in the parking lot
Contract killers so we rarely talk a lot
Guiseppes and my weapon when you see me steppin'
10th grade education with a MAC-11
The definition of a renaissance
Twice a day I change watches, chains and the charms
Tatted on my back, chest and my palms
Then it's me and Diddy, dice games at the Palms
Blew a mil' in cash just to let the bitches watch
Take her down to the lobby, get the bitch a watch
Tinted windows, smokin' with a screw face
Black hoodies on, bullies think it's Wu-Tang
Barry White blarin' in the white Benz
Runnin' like I had a curly perm back then
It's Rozay and I'm 40 up
Pink Belaire in a nigga's cup


Ayo jumpin' out the shower, jewels on, heated up
Fluffy Polo towels in Melbourne, gettin' it
Hands is ashy, cash keep comin', dice hand like Lil Poo
Young god bowlin' with thunder
Bettin' bricks out at the Knicks came with Cubans from Biscayne
Burnin' the Castro cigars with a big flame
Godfather coats and hard bottoms
Everything down to cribs, hoes and gear, we got 'em
It's the lean team, Medelln chains
Shop niggas like fresh fruit, like old grand earth, can of green beans
We'll cut you and you and you, nigga
This is me, Rae and Rick; box-cutters on crews, nigga






Now, '94 to '95, innocent without crime
Drop that shit


Yeah, yeah, check it out
Now run for your life, or you wanna get your heat, whatever
We can die together
As long as I send your maggot ass to the essence
I don't give a fuck about my presence
I'm lost in the blocks of hate and can't wait
For the next crab nigga to step and meet fate
I'm lethal when I see you, there is no sequel
24/7, Mac-11 is my people
So why you wanna end your little life like this?
Cause now you bump heads with kids that's lifeless
I live by the day only if I survive
The last night, damn right, I ain't tryin' to fight
We can settle this like some grown men on the concrete floor
My slugs will put a stop to your hardcore
Ways of action, I grab the gat, then
Ain't no turning back when I start blastin'
Pick up the handle and insert the potion
Cock the shit back in a calm like motion
No signs of anger or fear cause you the one in danger
Never share your plans with a stranger, word is bond


I put the drop on you kid, now I got you
You got the heart to get busy without your crew?
Let's get it on nigga, do what we gotta do
You buckin' me, I'm buckin' right back at you


Fuck where you at kid, it's where you're from
Cause where I'm from, niggas pack nothin' but the big guns
Around my way, niggas don't got remorse for out-of-towners
Come through fronting and get stuffed with the 3-pounder
The loud sounder, ear ringer
And I'm a point the finger, at all you wannabe gunslingers
You got a real ice grill but are you really real
Step to the hill and I'ma test your gun skills
Cause real niggas don't try to profile
You just a chump who needs to get drunk to buckwild
But swing that bullshit this way
And I'm a make your visit to the bridge a motherfucking short stay
Queensbridge, that's where I'm from
The place where stars are born and phony rappers get done
6 blocks and you might not make it through
What you gonna do when my whole crew is blazing at you
With macs and tecs to lend to get your dome crush
You thought that you could come around my way and beef, stupid fuck
What the hell you smoking? What the fuck possessed you
To come out your face, now I have to wet you
Throw on my Timbs, black mask and black serpent
Twist a nigga cap, then jump in the J-30




Who's the richest nigga in the project, who got it locked
Rocking Convertibles, drop tops and mad hot
Peace to that whiz kid and playas on his team
Who's organized, all eyeballs is on CREAM
And your whole clique got nothin' but raw shit
Whip after whip, stay flashing your dick on tricks
Your whole crew's ravishing, team's untouchable
In the jungle, banging NaS, Mobb Deep and Wu
There's money out there, guns catch crumbs, those are your sons
Jums is in the mailboxes, bitches holding your guns
You know what's out there, thousands of gram, wrapped in Saran
Sealed tight, keep the freshness, that's how we expand
Masked Avenger, drop your gun, son, now surrender
Get ninjaed on the island, plus the Bridge, boy remember


My little thug's selling drugs and he's struggling
The game got him bugging, I tried to tell him slow down cousin
But he vexed and niggas getting wet up in the projects
But with no doubt, shorties out for his respect
But is his brain insane from the lye?
From smoking that 118 tiny tye
Why, a nigga just died last week
As he swore he was grown and he's a thug in the street
But it's like that, my crew pump cracks and we pack mac
His eyes is wild with the rezzy monkey on his back
But I'm stressed and he need to be blessed
With a firepack, don't even go there cause it ain't like that
Slow down baby, he said, what, you trying to play me?
You must be crazy, pulled out the heat and almost blazed me
Then he was Swayze, the shot must of dazed me
Thug selling drugs, busting slugs, but he ain't crazy




The DeLucas pressed Tony's remains
Into 12 vinyl records
One for each member of the family
But little did they know
He would return...


Medusa stare, my guns bust in silence
I'm a black vigilante killer, pro violence
It's the rebirth, born again, rise through the vinyl spin
They took out Starks but the light shines within
It's the almighty rise of the murderous Ghostface
Bodies dropped in Alleys, left a cold case
Colombian neckties Im a black Gambino
Bodies get dumped in the black El Camino
It's Reno, gangster wars, money, power, respect
Revenge is felt like the heat from a Tec
Tommy guns are irrelevant, I'm bulletproof now
I could fly through the air and duck your chick-a-pow
Black superhero, crime boss arch nemesis
Good vs. Evil since the first book of Genesis
Battle to the end that's the way of the thriller
And Starks is reborn as the Ghostface Killah... no one could get iller


Murders, bodies chopped into Ziplocs
Kill or be killed on these cobblestone street blocks
Crime boss, I call warn the DeLucas
Watch my eyes turn red, I got a squad full of shooters
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
When the gas start to hum I put the spark to your grill


Late night, stuck in the limo
Hogtie the capo all up, beheaded the driver
Left the bitch in the back with no tongue as the survivor
Raw dog, spit in her mouth
Disappear in a swarm of killer bees
Cripple 'em from they knees, take they legs out (Nigga you know the steez!)
I'm a nighthawk, eagle eye, power of mind control
Faster than the speed of light, you catch a big hole
Ruthless, six bodies hung in the meat room
The butcher shop, I call it the body shop
Start from the bottom, killing all the way to the top
Carve my name in your skin, pull a stocking mask over your face
For recognition, no time for remission
Attack till there's no one left in the position
The return of the worst case scenario
Uh, Ghostface attacks on land and now aerial


Murders, bodies chopped into Ziplocs
Kill or be killed on these cobblestone street blocks
Crime boss, I call warn the DeLucas
Watch my eyes turn red, I got a squad full of shooters
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
When the gas start to hum I put the spark to your grill




Young aggressor, born into the life of crime
I would walk down the streets strapped with two nines
Bitch smacking, jacking niggas, G dub stacking figures
Police drive by, I was click clacking triggers
Jay De Lucas put me with the fam to grow
I was a boss amongst white boys rocking the 'fro
I had hoes, bankrolls and minks by the dozen
My rise to power was quick, they just wasn't
Tryna make me a made man, they fucked up the game plan
I blacked out on them and started my own clan
Black Gambino, black suits, black Syndicate
My crime fam was tight, every move was intricate
The coke was brought in from bad Colombian mules
Gorgeous women that I draped down in jewels
Streets fight started, mafia wars in Italy
Crime fam against fam and no one could do diddly


Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes
Follow no family rules, rules are for fools
Chase the paper cause it's the cash that rules


Fuck the law of fam, it's the law of land
You don't like how I move then try to force my hand
I'm moving keys, them DeLucas couldn't touch my pianos
Putting pressure on them Gambinis and Verrazanos
They love my money, they hate to see a nigga getting it
Selling drugs is taboo, but I ain't fucking sweating it
The dirt gotta get done so I took my position
One day I'm just Black Tone with a lot of ambition
Next I got status, dinners with all courses
Flights in and out of the country, they getting nauseous
Money, power, respect; rise of the black suits
Talk shit behind my back, but to my face salute
Hugs and handshakes, they can't stop my reign
Got the coconut, pilots bringing shit on their plane
It's a shame, they ain't have the balls to make moves
They pussies, couldn't walk a mile in my shoes






Young aggressor, born into the life of crime
I would walk down the streets strapped with two nines
Bitch smacking, jacking niggas, G dub stacking figures
Police drive by, I was click clacking triggers
Jay De Lucas put me with the fam to grow
I was a boss amongst white boys rocking the 'fro
I had hoes, bankrolls and minks by the dozen
My rise to power was quick, they just wasn't
Tryna make me a made man, they fucked up the game plan
I blacked out on them and started my own clan
Black Gambino, black suits, black Syndicate
My crime fam was tight, every move was intricate
The coke was brought in from bad Colombian mules
Gorgeous women that I draped down in jewels
Streets fight started, mafia wars in Italy
Crime fam against fam and no one could do diddly


Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes
Follow no family rules, rules are for fools
Chase the paper cause it's the cash that rules


Fuck the law of fam, it's the law of land
You don't like how I movin' then try to force my hand
I'm moving keys, them DeLucas couldn't touch my pianos
Putting pressure on them Gambinis and Verrazanos
They love my money, they hate to see a nigga getting it
Selling drugs is taboo, but I ain't fucking sweating it
The dirt gotta get done so I took my position
One day I'm just Black Tone with a lot of ambition
Next I got status, dinners with all courses
Flights in and out of the country, they getting nauseous
Money, power, respect; rise of the black suits
Talk shit behind my back, but to my face salute
Hugs and handshakes, they can't stop my reign
Got the coconut, pilots bringing shit on their plane
It's a shame, they ain't have the balls to make moves
They pussies, couldn't walk a mile in my shoes


Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes
Follow no family rules, rules are for fools
Chase the paper cause it's the cash that rules
Do the dirty work, bring in the coke by the boatloads
Go against the grain, nigga, I feed nose holes
Follow no family rules, rules are for fools
Chase the paper cause it's the cash that rules




The DeLucas pressed Tony's remains into 12 vinyl records
One for each member of the family
But little did they know, he would return...


Medusa stare, my guns bust in silence
I'm a black vigilante killer, pro violence
It's the rebirth, born again, rise through the vinyl spin
They took out Starks but the light shines within
It's the almighty rise of the murderous Ghostface
Bodies dropped in alleys, left a cold case
Colombian neckties from a black Gambino
Bodies get dumped in the black El Camino
It's Reno, gangster wars, money, power, respect
Revenge is felt like the heat from a Tec
Tommy guns are irrelevant, I'm bulletproof now
I could fly through the air and duck your chick-a-pow
Black superhero, crime boss arch nemesis
Good vs. Evil since the first book of Genesis
Battle to the end that's the way of the thriller
And Starks is reborn as the Ghostface Killah... yeah, yeah, no one could get iller


Murders, bodies chopped into Ziplocs
Kill or be killed on these cobblestone street blocks
Crime boss, I call war on the DeLucas
Watch my eyes turn red, I got a squad full of shooters
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
When the gas start to hum I put the spark to your grill


Late night, stuck in the limo
Hogtie the capo all up, beheaded the driver
Left the bitch in the back with no tongue as the survivor
Raw dog, spit in her mouth
Disappear in a swarm of killer bees
Cripple 'em from they knees, take they legs out (Nigga you know the steez!)
I'm a nighthawk, eagle eye, power of mind control
Faster than the speed of light, you catch a big hole
Ruthless, six bodies hung in the meat room
The butcher shop, I call it the body shop
Start from the bottom, killing all the way to the top
Carve my name in your skin, pull a stocking mask over your face
For recognition, no time for remission
Attack till there's no one left in the position
The return of the worst case scenario
Uh, Ghostface attacks on land and now aerial


Murders, bodies chopped into Ziplocs
Kill or be killed on these cobblestone street blocks
Crime boss, I call war on the DeLucas
Watch my eyes turn red, I got a squad full of shooters
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
When the gas start to hum I put the spark to your grill
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
Watch the body count rise when the face gets real



The DeLuca's pressed Tony's remains
Into 12 vinyl records
One for each member of the family
But little did they know
He would return...
Medusa stare, my guns bust in silence
I'm a black vigilante killer, pro violence
It's the rebirth, born again
Rise through the vinyl spin
They took out Starks but the light shines within
It's the almighty rise of the murderous Ghostface
Bodies dropped in Owls, left a cold case
Colombian neckties from a black Gambino
Bodies get dumped in the black El Camino
It's Reno, gangster wars, money, power, respect
Revenge is felt like the heat from a tec
Tommy guns are irrelevant, I'm bulletproof now
I could fly through the air and duck your chick-a-pow
Black superhero, crime boss arch nemesis
Good vs. Evil since the first book of Genesis
Battle to the end that's the way of the thriller
And Starks is reborn as the Ghostface KILLAH
No one could get iller
Murders, bodies chopped into ziplocks
Kill or be killed on these cobblestone street blocks
Crime boss, I call warn the DeLucas
Watch my eyes turn red, I got a squad full of shooters
Murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
When the gas start to hum I put the spark to your grill
Late night, stuck in the limo
Hogtie the capo all up
Beheaded the driver
Left the bitch in the back with no tongue as the survivor
Raw dog, spit in her mouth, disappear in a swarm of killer bees
Cripple 'em from they knees, take they legs out (Nigga you know the steez!)
I'm a nighthawk, eagle eye, power of mind control
Faster than the speed of light, you catch a big hole
Ruthless, six bodies hung in the meat room
The butcher shop, I call it the body shop
Start from the bottom, killin' all the way to the top
Carve my name in your skin, pull a stocking mask over your face for recognition
No time for remission, attack till there's no one left in the position
The return of the worst case scenario, uh
Ghostface attacks on land and now aerial




Back on the grind, Molotov bottles and pipe bombs
There's war on the streets like Vietnam
Bodies is flung, enemies hung, capos is killed
Kidnap your family and wives with no guilt
No lines drawn, It's all out war for domination
Robbing safes in safe houses, no leaving traces
Destruction, Black mafiosos and militants
It's all for the king of New York and they killing it


Crime wave, rioting, streets flooded with blood
Bullet holes through tuxedos, wet suit surfs up
Big Kahuna with the cajones, come through with your homies
Shoot the Ruger where your dome is, while you in your chones
Then regroup up with my homies, less they can't run a crew
Split the loot up with the chromies, in a room with a view
Watch the corners, they on us, laying low with the clues
Guzzle cash, that's the walls of how to wait, got a few
I don't get out much, I'm in the cut with my crew
A clan of vicious guerrillas, banana clips aimed at you
Itchy fingers, malicious killers, valicious my troop
Come to pillage your village, level your root to the stoop
Trigonometry, honestly, nigga, I'm a G
Follow these streets scholarly, all would I do for this loot
Figure courage be piling the change upon us
To slaughter it, yeah, it's heartless, I've gotta get deadbeat loose
The Luger's rain, man, ain't nothing but purp bitch
That's the cane clan, they ain't nothing to fuck with
My tools say blam, change man to chump bits
Fools gonna lay in the Hudson or some ditch
Rolling slow with a gangster lean
Pimped out in the Coupe de ville '72
Lock and load on patrol, lotta hoes on the stroll
Give me street 411 like whoop-de-whoop
Where's the cane man? How many nights I live by this dupe?
Names change like slang, still be aiming to shoot
Call it pop-pop poacher and note the .45 will rise up


Message worth it's weight in gold, he a beast
When God made his son, he broke the mold
Crushing De Lucas, they tryna dismember cane, silly game
Watch his downfall, put an end to it
Street laws, gangsters pulling murders and drive-bys
New York city, flood the streets with cyanide, poison
The boys in blue don't want none of it
Watching cane ride the power, and I'm loving it






The Chinese have a saying: "Dangerous men will meet in narrow streets." And so it was. We were raised between the clans, and that meant pressure on me to make more weapons. And as word of the gold shipment spread, strangers suddenly appeared in jungle village


 Machete still stainless
The archbishop run from the narcs
A crisp biscuit plus play the harp, wrist glisten
Goon captain, catch me in Africa black down with 4 5 Somalians
Black Tims, rubber suit Wonder Woman bangle a blue coupe
I'm usually upon the roof countin' mad loot
Root beer reefer, teeth frame, doin' my 1, 2
Smokin' with a plain Jane trooper
Excellent with rifles, out in Japan
In a flight goose switchblade that poke out the Nike boots
Thrusted on a bullet train with chains on, gettin' my train on
Thunder money, make bread, brainstorm
All this is made for the Forbes list
Broads get pissed, say "Yo he fucked me out his drawers he dissed me"
All this is calculated, the Batman with a black hand
Mafia money, killas who rock tans


Bone crushing, smooth kicks, blades choppin' through bricks
Masters of the weaponry, sells to both cliques
Blacksmith, with the iron fist
X2


Rigor mortis, I watch the body rot to the bone structure
Scrape out your brain, watch your eyeballs rupture
Black magic, leave your fuckin' skull in a soup pot
Makaveli, Vamoose like 2pac
Suicidal tendencies, down the white Hennessy
Look in the book, I'm the definition of menace b
Chokin' niggas out for no reason, it's duck season
I'm cold as ice, 6 degrees below freezing
Stay dipped, rock a striped shirt like Freddy Kreuger
You'se a baby piranha surrounded by barracudas
Seven thirty, I'm more like 6 o' clock
Straight up and down beatin' up niggas till there's blood in they socks
Ox em, duff em', stuff 'em in black bags
Without gettin' no blood on my fresh rags
Ruthless, heart of a stone, grown with no emotions
I piss out brewhas, poisonous potion




Yeah, it's the three deadly venoms with weapons in the denims
Some shit that'll shake windows and break lay tenants
Come left field, aim crooked and straight blaze in em
Have you niggas with straight-legs with a fake leg in em
Wolf in sheep's clothing, eyes scoping a tender lamb
Spin you bitches like a ballroom dinner dance
G-Mode dress code got suspender clamps
Russian roulette, money bet, go and spend your chance
You little fleas get killa bees and army ants
EMS cut up your jeans like zombie pants
Hollow chrome to your collarbone
Ping against your dome piece and sound like the first key on a xylophone
Grown men discussing death and the malice tone
See how quick the smiley faces turn solid stone
Ghostface, Rae and G be the wildest known
We straight street, we keep seat in the palace throne






Hey lil mama, I got some of that Bon Jovi
You know me, I'm flying in the air like living on a bird
We're on the corner serving that rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll
Posted on the corner with the rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll


Willie Nelson nigga, we run flusty, crocodile hat
Cowboy rap, hammer game trusty
Diamonds on from Ghana, Boca retire in a yacht
With the middle name Lex, pop my llama
Movies get made in HD, let me get your eighty-three
I'mma scout faces so straight meetings
There's nothing you can do with my real niggas
Not the ones I rest my head with, my son a real crew piranha
Two wheels scooters, the new Rugers, floating through the Beverly Center
I count a ten up with my shooters
All these is high powered, Bob Dylan style, my niggas
Post it up, yeah frontin' at Mr. Chow's, titanium hustle, switch color
Most of them rich brothers are only on fucking and switch nuggets
Luggage is the real shit, who kill shit niggas is nothing
Blow a blunt, repeal shit


Hey little mama, little mama, I got some of that Bon Jovi
You know me, I'm flying in the air like living on a bird
We're on the corner serving that rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll
Post it on the corner with the rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll
Hey little mama, have you ever took a hit of Mick Jagger
Yeah, better will blast ya now take it hit of this rock'n'roll, rock'n'roll


Yo, everything platinum, even my baggage
You want a platinum rock? Then go see Larry
He got the yellow hat, yellow Maxes Air, looking like me
With a yellow back, pretty long hair
Suck a dick like Karrine Steffans
With Bobby Brown on speed dial, his ex dial stay on the check-in
I got that Mickey, baby, little mama
I got the bomb, call me Tom Brady
Move like a running back, 21 Tomlinson
Know how to push it back, you should pay homage and
Shit is too potent, make you feel like vomiting
Your black/white birds can give me five like Donovan
Pop the champagne for the illest hustler in the game
I got the Pink Floyd eyes on all day
And I ain't even mention my deals yet
Cuz I don't wanna have you freaked out over this real shit




All stand up, we in the building, let the birds fly
Rock star to my heart, anything else? Uncivilised, go
Rock star like the Red Hot Chili Peppers
I can't front red tops got me feeling extra
I drop the top so I can show the stones
I got the sour so I'm Rolling Stones
I'm popping shit on my mobile phone
I never slip cause I keep the fully loaded chrome
And have my niggas even stay 
That's why we pour a liquor for the Grateful Dead, we miss you
Where I'm from, it's either guns or roses
And fuck with me you need a bunch of roses
And Lord knows is keep the led zeppelin
A nigga put it then we dead ressing
You can tell a bitch is still an e
We got that white girl nigga Sheila E
Diplomats we the eagle(Killa!) we finna be greater than the Beatles






Coach, put me in the game
I'm for real, for them peoples tryna to put me in them chains
Whatever the topic, let's put it in the frame
We can even load it and cock it and put it in they brains
I'm saying, some rappers do it for a chain
Kill yourself, I know killers that'll do it for some change
These veterans is slipping, they ain't doing it the same
I don't slip, set a pick and put a shooter in your lane
Precise, 'bout shoot them at the range
But I ain't tryna shoot it with you rappers
I'll just shoot it at your dame
Y'all never should have threw me in the game
Found a new word for weed, that was so mean
I threw it in my name


My song banging loud on the block like arms spraying
The law hating, warring like Blacks and Caucasians
God versus Satan, I'm laying in the dark
With the Mossberg waiting, letting off first basing
Slim from the cotton club washing a scrub
Deuce high when he cruise by, spotting his love
Hold the mic like a .38 muzzle to snub
This flow, call it OJ blood on the glove
Above rap, capital Gs speak on the facts
Please believe that, meaning that I keep it a stack
He's back, he a beast on the track
The only time that I go soft is probably with your freak in the sack
Feel the bass make sure he shake, murder verse, first forty-eight
Manslaughter, nearly caught a case
I crack heads more than base
Stack bread when I orchestrate, that said y'all the bass


No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow


I seen niggas sniff coke through a crazy straw
Come out they shirts sweating bullets with the Bobby Brown jaw
Dry mouth, grinding back and forth plus he's steaming a Newport
We all holding the torch
Few staircase murders, some burners don't blam right
Guns that kicked around the wall you better stand tight
Full of X, AKs, whiling in lobbys, bulletproof PJs
Fuck around and get spunned like the DJ
CSI traumatized by viewing the instant replay
SpongeBob niggas get scars nigga
I'm off style in any section of the hood I'll pull your car nigga


No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow


See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat
See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat


I used to be so narcissistic, park the whip and spark the biscuits
Spit hollow tipped shells at the Narcs with quickness
Live to tell the tale cause only God's my witness
Been a long time, change gonna come son, I'm optimistic
I hold the steel like Ron O'Neal
Super fly, do or die, Killah Hill, Brownsville
Never ran, never will, yes I can, yes I will
Put a dot upon your knot then I drill through your grill
Like a dentist, my apprentice speaks with a vengeance
Demented scientists count bodies inside the trenches
That's judges off the benches, got inches for y'all wenches
We plant those hot seeds that grow in cold winters


No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow


See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat
See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat




All you hoes, be cryin for these bitches
All you niggas, be cryin for these hoes

{*scratched samples*}

"Both hands clusty"

"Pullin out gats"

"Double barreled"

"Blew off the burner kinda dusty"

"We pack chrome TECs

"Bring it to em proper, potnah"
"Comin from the thirty-six chamber"

"Math, let the plate spin"

"Many brothers y'all be sparkin"

"Stray shots, all on the block that stays hot"

"If ya fuck with Wu, we gots ta fuck witchu"


Who the fuck knocked our buildings down?
Who the man behind the World Trade massacres, step up now
Where the four planes at huh is you insane bitch?
Fly that shit over my hood and get blown to bits!
No disrespect, that's where I rest my head
I understand you gotta rest yours true, nigga my people's dead
America, together we stand, divided we fall
Mr. Bush sit down, I'm in charge of the war!


Yes yes y'all, the I-N-S bless y'all
Stop hearts like cholesterol, let's brawl
Never fall, tear it down like a wreckin ball
Role call where my niggas that's one for all
And all for one, we draw the guns on impulse
Cash in the envelope, spend it on kinfolk
Then smoke a ounce as we count mills
Providin' you pure ecstasy without pills


Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools man
How the fuck did we get so cool man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If ya fuck with Wu we gots ta fuck witchu


Y'all dogs better guard ya grills, it's all real
We live from the Hills, it's the God I-Reelz
Yo Wonderful, spark the billz
Let me build with the people for the mills
I'm rollin with the Rebel I-Ill from Killa Hill, peace to Brownsville
Brothers that'll kill for the will of the righteous
Twenty-five to lifers, True and Livin' snipers
You wait like "Sixth Sense" 'til hard to kill


How you livin StreetLife? I'm surrounded by criminals
Serial killers tote guns without the serial
High-tech, street intellect, all digital
Project original, sheisty individual
New York's bravest, always supply you with the latest
We hall of famers, and still hit you with the greatest
Took a year hiatus, now you wanna hate us
Thanks to all you haters for all the cream you made us


Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools man
How the fuck did we get so cool man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If ya fuck with Wu we gots ta fuck witchu, nigga


Sendin letters to China, my cousin in Wendy's on Viacom
At home, it's worth money, I adorns
Order drinks, all real niggas order your minks yo
We got the fitteds on, lookin all fink
Daddy everybody get money from now on
Payday flash Visas livin like, Easter e'ryday
Don't fuck Benz, rather a 430
That shit that float through water, eyeball come up, drop birdies yo


We can eat right, or we can clap these toys
I'm with StreetLife, ain't never been a Backstreet Boy
Who y'all kiddin? Tryin to act like my shoe fittin
Confused with ya head up yo' ass like who's shittin?
It's Hot Nixon, same team same position
Battin average three-five-seven and still hittin
Y'all still bitchin, still lame and still chicken
I'm still here, one leg missin and still kickin
Cause I'm haaaaaaaaaaaard! Hard like a criminal
Lock like a tennis shoe, throw slug to finish you
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
I can tell this motherfucker ain't Wu, look at his neck


"Comin from the thirty-six chamber"
"Bring it to em proper, potnah"
"Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang"


It's Wu-Tang, rushin yo' gang, crushin the game
Pretty thugs, clutchin they chain, hand cuppin they thang
Who get strange, gassed up playin with flames
Let a nigga take off his shades, see what I'm sayin is..


Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools man
How the fuck did we get so cool man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If ya fuck with Wu we gots ta fuck witchu nigga


I wish the nigga well
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang




Pss yo, yo, yo (yo son, roll!)
Oh shit, yo, yo, run!


Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor, step, hit the ground
The pound fell, cops is coming
Running through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin'
Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summons
So I stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across
Cracks is fallin', my pockets is mean, clean when I vanished off
Took off, made track look easy
The walkie talkies them D.T.s had, black, they was rated P.G
Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down
Take me to Ghost, here they come now!
Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch, dog
Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff
Run! I will not get bagged on a rock
Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops
Run! They amp shit, plant shit, destroy evidence
Fuck a case, I'm not coming home with no 56
Die with the heart of Scarface and take 50 licks
Before I let these crackers throw me in shit
Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop
Curse, swerve to get served, these cocksuckers got nerve
Heard I was killing shit, they must got word
That I told the chief of Rich Port I don't wanna merge


Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone
Run! If you getting chased with no shoes on
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns!
They givin' out life like by the ton
Run! If you ain't do shit, you it
That next felony, nigga, is like three zip
So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches!
When you see me coming, get the fuck out the entrance!
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! Mothafucka


Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...)
I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!)


Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car
I got five hundred hundred-packs in my backyard
Clear 12-12's that look like stuffed shells
I'm cutting niggas' throats on the sales, while they puff L's
Don't leave nothing unbagged, shave everything
I learned from the OG's to save everything
They come by one more time, they gon' hop out
They two deep, and one is a bitch, she getting knocked out
Then I can get rid of the pack. But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that
Uh, down-shifting on 'em like I got gears on me
(Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me
(Run!) Scared to death, running like I got bears on me
(Run!) My Timbs start feeling like they Nike Airs on me
(Run!) It's hard for me to slow down
It's like I'm on the Thruway
My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way
Now I'm trying to hold my hammer up, and my pants too
If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do
Rather it be the streets than jail where I die at
And I'm asthmatic, so I'm looking for somewhere to hide at
But they too close, and I got this new toast; imagine if I would've let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do





Yeah, let's bring it over here to the LAPD man
Uh Oh
Whenever 5-0 hit, my mind's speakin' on some survival shit
I'm an Outlaw, 5-0 is who I'm rivals with
So I'm out y'all, lightning quit
Quicker than a slug that a rifle spit
A thug quicker than Michael Vick
Run, Gestapo's comin' up fast so I gotta dash
We hood stars and they never wanted a autograph
One of the homies didn't run and they shot his ass
He paralyzed now and can't move his bottom half
Standin' still is the silly plan
Even if I gotta snatch a innocent bitch right out of her mini van
I knock you off ya Ducati and wouldn't give a damn
They respondin' with shots fire
I'm the trigger man
I run, I'm ditchin' out fools
They never cease, he rode a sixty in some house shoes
Penitentiary time and Crooked I just don't miss
Plus my homies incarcerated told me to stay on the bricks
So I


Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone
Run! If you getting' chased with no shoes on
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns!
They givin' out life like bird tons
Run! If you ain't do shit, you it
That next felony nigga, it's like three zip
So, Run! Hop fences, jump over benches!
When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance!
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! Motherfucker...

Damn, these motherfuckers are on my ass man
I gotta make it back to motherfuckin' Long Beach Boulevard, fuck




Yo yo, enta, enta, enta, enta yo
It's the synical, lyrical rap individual
On my death bed I spit sick flows that's critical
I'm not a fan of this, I'm a mic vandalist
Thug therapist, my clan's too original
My slang bang to wax, words that's visual
Too digital for y'all common street criminals
Who wanna come test, lick the sweat from my genitals
We can get off the mic and get a little physical
I was born to rock since they cut my umbilical
Cord, I swing swords, behold the prolifical
Rhyme writer, hip-hop provider, prize fighter
Live wire, quick to set the mic on fire
I speak legalized dope, hitman for hire
I quote murderous notes, dope rhyme supplier
Hang glide on the mic like a stunt driver
And I won't stop rockin till I retire


Yo yo yo
When it comes to the darts, I throw em
Flamethrower, blow your section-eight home to your payphone up
Grass smoker, in the cut for the lawnmower
I water, I ride the wale that ate Jonah
Over, your faced wit the black cape over
You woke up four gorillas wit a makeover
Packin a punch, asthma pump takeover
My crew boards, and the whole plane lays over
(YO YO!) You can't talk wit the tape over
Pass the pussy, get out, date's over
Back to your gray Nova that's way slower
Redline to five on the highway shoulder
Enemies say "Doc the one to play closer"
This baboon loose off the chain choker
Hardcore, ?jacore? I hate poker
But y'all spread when my bullet's daytona

 8x
Comin through, comin through duck
Run for cover (BASS!)


Yo yo this ain't ya granddaddy music, it's hip hop
Comin through your woofer like a mute kit
Hundred-thousand watts on some bullshit
I blackout eclipse wit the semi bust a full clip (CLAP OUT!)
Touch one if any, that's my complexing conquest
Now tell that shit to the court, I plead no contest
From none of y'all, please
I potty train pissy-ass rugrat for free
Keep the cake for the family and off Sarah Lee
That's how we do, powerful, movin on ya left!
Mista who, Meth, black gorilla, beatin on his chest
I suggest, you pay yo' debt or Protect Ya Neck
I suggest, you wear a vest makin all them threats
Here's a chin check that cash and splash niggas in half
Smash rappers like hash (smoke em down to ashes)
At last it's the crew that party crashes the masses
Madness wildin out like special ed classes


Straight out the gate, meet Tony
Don of all dons, behind New York King Tut wit one arm
Banana Nut Crunch last cinnamon toast with power rose
Whips dirty, dustin my bitch, FUCK PAROLE!
Peace shout he's Wallee Timb's, wild out (wild out)
We in the spot, guns go off though
Came out his mask it was Ollie North
Oh shit, what up what up Ghost
Congratulations on your new flick
Burn it dead who max the most
Word up you got the most Clarks
Bravehearts spin this
For under come down in the pale he need minutes
Told y'all before I kick doors off the hinges
Ain't no cooler and there ain't no Guiness
Money like Barry Blue, Keanu Reeves wit bench slippers
Play the PGA Tour wit Jack Nicklaus
Statues of Mary, gas that bust mercury
Sit through the biggest storm and hand out turkey


Yeah, yeah, yeah, WHUUUA!!!
That's the way I like it


PISSY ASS RUSTY ASS NIGGAS!!
(0-7-1-0-3) 1-0-3-0-4




Visual, visual, JB
Yo, Ye, what up? Raekwon


You got stacks like the International House of Pancakes
All alone, ready to phone me and your hand shakes
Palms is wet, a don's regret
Never to walk miles for love, I sit in the starter's deck
It just happened I was floating, you seen the captain?
Blinked at me then I threw him my thinking cap
Take her, then we could slide to Jamaica
Shop for like a year or two, stop in Diego
It's obvious, I want to see who your mami is
We just friends so she can't Clyde, Bonnie this
Fly walls, dining in fly halls
Come to the master suite, leave every piece in the master hall
All my money tied in knots
Stand over there, that's why I make it happen on blocks
Brazil cut sweater, patent leather
Playing the field, trying to outslick Baretta


You see, my baby up and hit the road
Where she's going? That's what nobody knows
I need to find her before another man does
I wouldn't want him to steal my love


I'm just tryna be cool, cool, cool, tryna be cool, what you expect me to do?
I'm just tryna find, find, find this sweet love of mine


I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love


Last name West and my teeth diamonds
She said "Yo what's your occupation, crazy rhyming?"
Listen to Wu-Tang, trying suits on
Accoutrements is Grey Poupon
Stunting in a high top Louis', shorts is the Coogis
Open up the door when you take her to the movies
When you meet the parents, you tell De Niro
Her boyfriend a zero, she need to cut the weirdo
Next show they gotta up the zeros
Nobody rocking like this 16 years old
The hard drums and the Wally's something that caught me
I'm telling you what Wu-Tang taught me
The young youth, rocking the gold tooth
Pull up in a drop top, old school bumping to Cash Rules
No question we the reason why the summer's blazing
Then say, "You looking good fly coloured Asian"
Raw I give it to you, no trivia
She used to roll with my G-Unit like Olivia
Until she caught me getting numbers and hugs
I guess that's the day she became a runaway love, sweet love of mine




Why can't I find you, love of mine?
When you're standing in front of my face
Oh why, I must be blind
How did I let you get away?


Leave it up to the most high, sitting in a ghost fly
Chilling with two of my brothers
We both live on deck grabbing 'em on set
This is how we roll in the business, she a go I'mma go get
Take that queen or shorty up
We can live it up every month baby girl, just call me up
Waking up resting in cold sweats
Thinking of this bitch, the videotapes, even the stress
My mind is a terrible thing to waste
No love lost, I know I'm going crazy, I can't floss
Me, my lady left my homies it's all baloney
Just like rocking the old Pony's
So when I'm chilling, I'm just lost no more feeling
I need my honey in my life get that feel me
Take your time, readjust and ya you shine
My runaway love didn't mind, come on






Pss.. yo, yo, yo (yo son roll!)
Oh shit, yo, yo, run!


Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground
The pound fell, cops is coming
Runnin' through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin'
Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summon
So I stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across, cracks is fallin'
My pockets is lean, clean when I vanished off
Took off, made track look easy
The walkie talkies them D-E-T's had, black, they was rated P.G
Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down
Take me to.. Ghost here they come now!
Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch, dog
Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff
Run! I will not get bagged on the rock
Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops
Run! They am' shit, plan shit, destroy evidence
Fuck a case, I'm not comin' home when I'm fifty six
Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks
Before I let these crackers throw me and shit
Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop
Curse, swerve to get served, these cocksuckers got nerve
Heard I was killin' shit, they must got word
That I told the chief on Rich Port I don't wanna merge


I skated through the back of the building, hit the steps up
Ran up in Kay crib, lay daddy rest
I had to break free, police on me and they FB's
Yelling "I think his name Lex, that's his aunt, freeze"
That's when I hit the window, indo' coming out the back room
Boom, Pretty and his man, Black Caesar
Damn, they saw me and they bustin' at me
Cab just missed me, plus them goochie frames, foul, that's six fifty
Stop back at suite, them leaf defense slid through my man garden
Yelled out 'pardon', kept it moving, peace
Build be gone, ain't no honor amongst thieves
Please, plus they heard I'm getting parmagane cheese
And I won't stop moving til the metal dig me
Say word, yo, make 'em work for it, young rookie, ya'll need me
That's when it is, what it is, if it's that or the cup
But in the ill gangstas book what they niggas do is


Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone
Run! If you gettin' chased with no shoes on
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns!
They givin' out life like by the tons
Run! If you ain't do shit, you it
That next felony, nigga, it's like three zip
So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches!
When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance!
Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns!


Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...)
I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!)


Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car
I got five hundred, hundred packs in my backyard
Clear twelve-twelve's, that look like stuff shells
I'm cuttin' niggas throats on the sails, while they puff L's
Don't leave nothin' unbagged, shave everything
I learned from the O.G.'s to save everything (to save everything)
They come by one more time, they gon' hop out
They two deep, and one is a bitch, she gettin' knocked out
Then I can get rid of the pack
But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that
Uh, down-shiftin' on 'em like I got gears on me
(Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me
(Run!) Scared to death, runnin' like I got bears on me
(Run!) My Timb's start feelin' like they Nike Air's on me
(Run!) It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Throughway
My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way
Now I'm try'nna hold my hammer up, and my pants too
If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do
Rather it be the streets, then jail where I die at
And I'm ashmatic, so I'm lookin' for somewhere to hide at
But they too close, and I got this new toast
'Magine if I would of let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do


Free hold east coast whole, boxing the Philly down
Down to Dela', when ya'll rarely toting the milli round
I bring the milli to ya house, I was just down south
Carolina had the milli down there
Pearl Beach had the heater in reach, and four freaks
In Hooters, I made 'em lose it when they heard freedom of speech
Told them freaks that I gotta run, I'm on the run
But they tried to make me stay, they showed me two hooters a piece
I stayed for a second but you know I gotta skate
It's like a race, cops chase me, I'm chasing the moon
Before I left the premise, saw two more bitches
They told me they was witches, told me hop on they broom
I did, and then we went zoom
Don't you know them witches got me outtie wit the quickness
I'm buggin', I'm trippin' in reality I'm skitzin'
The cops got me trapped in the Audi wit the Smith &




D-Boy, yeah, Birdman Jr. in ya building, people
I'mma let you know how it go on my side of the mountain, whoadie


It's jump out Thursday ya heard me
And I dropped in effect since 9/11
I'm on the avenue with nines, elevens, I'm a two times felon
That's why I keep the top up, on my 9-11
Pele, in New Orleans, ain't got no Rico law
So I keep that heat in the car, but they don't know
I had that 'dro in the seat of the car
But it's hot right now, so you can see me tomorrow
Ay, Ghostface, the youngins on the block duckin' blue & red lights
While your boy bypassing fare light
But if them cock suckers ever get me dead right
Three hots and the cops swallow weed and a knife, right?
I speed at night, take it easy in the day
Go hard wit the dough, take it easy wit the yae
Yup, Lil' Weezy, I get my loot up
But at the pull up, come, I say my crew run run, boy






You are the real one
You know, everything we thinking about is good
But like when all the goodness comes outta you man
You only got one alternative, man
Thats to turn around and look at each other
I cant look at the man sitting up in the office
Cause Im down in the south Bronx
But I do have somebody man and I look up to him
And thats how we save each other (save each other)

But shorties love stuntin the 
On the acid tabs and denim  South Park (juice clans)
Rubble kings in this concrete kingdom
Fifteen with the killers, Mystique and the chic villain
Covested warrior, baby face but his heart devoid of
All remorse of days of Genocidal Holocaust
Cant tangle loose of the grips of this fixed system
Twisted guns on ourselves cause we mixed in misvision
Chapelle and angel dust
Tore my halo and devil horns
Scorned by this countrys swords
Since the day I was first born
These politicians lining their pockets with our blood
Snub our mommas cries to call us rebels and thugs
Chaotic outlaws and battling the trap
Dont raffle shit with my pack
Strikes on my back and now I cant turn back
The same song echoes through project halls
Amid the  in Senegal
The Compton in Chirac
Where killers crawl - where killers crawl
Where killers crawl - where killers crawl


Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten Island
Wilding, riding on the train
Same, the same damn thang
Same damn thang that you see today
Detroit, L.A., BMore, Houston
Trooping, shooting
Its the same, its the same damn thang
Same damn thang
Same damn thang and its a shame


He didnt know that Hershey kiss
Was an X fax
The OG push woo woo is the extract
Stuffed in fly jeans, its tough
Middle o the lane
Supported by live grains its rough
The Mink, the collars
Snow White rubbing my earlobe
In the caves of Guyana
Im wearing that rare gold
Pardon me, Im here for the life
Im a OD, Im killing this nigga
Like 
Drop his head in the turkey fire
Fry this niga real quick in his whole attire
Finish, back to the trap house
Filet mignons is being flipped
Getting down on the black couch
The low budge low go flex we into
Serial killer who axe swings like a pendulum (yeah)
We come together like bible study
The plot, the plan, the conquer
Just to get money - just to get money
Just to get money - just to get money
Just to get money


Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten Island
Wilding, riding on the train
Same, the same damn thang
Same damn thang that you see today
Detroit, L.A., BMore, Houston
Trooping, shooting
Its the same, its the same damn thang
Same damn thang
Same damn thang and its a shame


And its the same damn thing
Same damn scene
Same soldier from the field
In the same fatigue
With the same M16
Same cup, red here sipping Lean
Out the same canteen
With the same regime
Dirty by now niggas cant stay clean
Keys coming from overseas
Ships straight from Beijing
Smoking weed, selling Yay to the feds
Living life the high speed
While Im chasing this cheese
Put in one for the team, my youngest sixteen
He was carried home from the bench
Screaming with the med IA
With felonious dreams
Cant let any and everything
Four pair 23s and the eight of the green
He let any green involved in the entasy ring
Ran from Detroit to Shreveport
L.A. to Queens
From B/More to E. Quest
Philly to Palm Springs
 Savannah back to Tampa
S&S to the grid
They wanna hear my long J
But not this too far, fall between
In Detroit, city of kings


Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten Island
Wilding, riding on the train
Same, the same damn thang
Same damn thang that you see today
Detroit, L.A., BMore, Houston        Trooping, shooting
Its the same, its the same damn thang
Same damn thang
Same damn thang and its a shame


Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten Island
Wilding, riding on the train
Same, the same damn thang
Same damn thang that you see today
Detroit, L.A., BMore, Houston        Trooping, shooting
Its the same, its the same damn thang
Same damn thang
Same damn thang and its a shame



Saturday night, Uptown
Riding past Kansas Fried Chicken
What's popping kid, we in the mix
It's chilly 40 below
Gate's closed gotta catch Dr. J's
Blow on my hand, rub on my nose
Tap the glass, stop fronting Duke, fresh pair of jeans
Look I got loot, eleven in the beige boots
Heard a screech pull up, these Jakes flashed me five pictures
One had my man's mug, Semi stepped brother hugs
You asked the wrong guy son
I'm from Atlanta, yeah we know Mr. Coles
Flew in two days ago to see his fam'
But we been watching you, crazily
The whole Staten Island shitting on you
Wisdom Bird's pregnant out in Baisley
Holding snow in your ear, fresh baldie tried to change up
Not truck today, still looking fly, still slammed up hung
You mind popping your trunk, slow your pace
Starks fixed your face, copped out the six, five years probash'
You dealing with a lot of science, motherfucker we're watching you
Make me wanna lick shots at you
You disgust me, screwing me down, grab my gun
Go head bust me
Heard you hate Jake that's what it must be
Hands behind your back, spread your legs
Just found a roach in your tray
It's not mine fucker, what I said
You make the 13th nigga
A multimillion dollar operation is based upon it yo
Where the hell's the RZA
He's selling mics, wireless joints
Special made to go off in your hand and which went out on point
Switched to the next scene, I'm at the crib bugging out
On how po' live, hating plus harassing the kid
Park the truck in the double face garage
Dial 1-900-Raekwon, tell the God shit's mega real
Flashing me on BET, Planet Groove, Rap City News
NAACP committees {*abruptly ends*}



Yo
Saturday night, Uptown
Ridin past Kansas Fried Chicken
What's poppin kid? We in the mix
It's chilly 40 below
Gate's closed gotta catch Dr. J's
Blowin my hand, rub on my nose
Tap the glass, stop frontin Duke, fresh pair of jeans
Look I got loot, eleven in the Bass boots
Heard a screech pull up, these Jakes flashed me 5 pictures
One had my man's mug, Semi stepped brother hugs
You asked the wrong guy son
I'm from Melina, yeah we know Mr. Coles
Flew in two days ago to see his fam'
But we been watchin you, crazily
The whole Staten Island shittin on you
Wisdom Bird's pregnant out in Baisley
Hold up snow in your ear, fresh baldie tried to change up
Not trunk today, still lookin fly, still slammed up hung
Your mom pop in your trunk, slow your pace
Starks fixed your face, copped out the 6, five years probat'
You dealin with a lot of science, motherfucker we're watchin you
Make me wanna lick shots at you
You disgust me, screwin me down, grab my gun
Go 'head bust me, heard you hate Jake that's what it must be
Hands behind your back, spread your legs
Just found a roach in your tray
It's not mine fucker, what I said
You met the 13th nigga
A multimillion dollar operation is based upon it yo
Where in the Hell's the RZA?
He's sellin mics, wildest joints
Special made to go up in your hand and which went out on point
Switched to the next scene, I'm at the crib buggin out
On how po' live, hatin plus harassin the kid
Park the truck in the double face garage
Dial 1-900-Raekwon, tell the God shit's mega
Reel flashin me on BET, Planet Groove, Rap City News
NAACP committees. {*abruptly ends*}




"There!"
"Fancy looking fellow isn't he?"
"Wait a minute, I've seen him somewhere before..."
"A-ha!"


I'm sickly, flow quarantined by the CDC
Heads nod, pressure on your neck like a DDT
Beat Street Ramo, spittin' on your name
Rhymes travel underground like it's written on a train
My position in the game, top dog, rock hard
Fuck with everybody in your hood, just not y'all
Basic, live broadcast from the ER
We are talk of the town without the PR
Savagely attack this
Rap master craftsman
Pack em in, twisted on the floor like a backspin
After him, y'all will have to deal with the son of Deck
One of the best that hasn't done it yet
Killer Bee, chopping up the track like a Dilla beat
Professor X couldn't test my ability
I cave the motherfucking roof like heavy snow
Act like I told ya before
Y'all ready know


"Now an attack is made..."


E-S reps, I wrote this in a GS Lex '95
To get that nineties vibe
My melody, high and low fidelity darts
My whole team, 7:30 like when Jeopardy starts
I can't call it, unless we call my style diabolic
I'm a write-a-holic, I drink ink til I vomit
I think til I'm catatonic, in sync with a bag of chronic
I'm bringing the mad demonic style all these rappers wanted
I'm a tsar of bizzare bars, cut you like a scimitar
Wichita state, X-Man'll execute you, you a dead man
God willing
I'm an odd villain getting top billing, with my squad chilling
Blood on the tracks like Bob Dylan, die like a mob killing
We already know the ropes
We be stepping over ropes
It's Andre the Giant looking down at you local folks
Okey-doke, motorized vocals, yeah I practice
Raised on a tape the same color as Galactus


"Hello Mr. Ghost, we meet again, eh?"


Look out, attack like a nigga on bath salts
Eat his face off, leave his body on asphalt
Rampant, run through your town on attack mode
Savagely leave em broomstick'd in the asshole
Cobra clutch, ickiest stick to the dutch skin
Throw a mask on, and go in, go in
I'm a terror tuck a GEM/STAR in the New Era
Walk around with two bats like I'm Yogi Berra
Or Marv from Sin City rockin' robes as a trench
My two weapons black have you ducking under the bench
The stench of dead bodies, thoughts of the mutilation
Bring you closer to God in a tight situation
Or thrown in the back of the truck, a sanitation
I'm ruthless, my technique is Chinese torture
No IV's hanging out of your vein to support ya
Everybody's talking about how the ghost caught ya
Have a 5-year-old kill your ass for a quarter


"At Tony Stark's office, there is a new development..."
"Ironman...? Ironman...?
Red alert. Red alert."



* rapping over Freddie Scott's "(You) Got What I Need"


Uh... you got it (baby...)
Uh... you got it (uh-huh)


Her name was Kim, this light skinned girl from Shaolin
Stood by my side when my world was caved in
She cooked for me, fix me up, plus made me happy
Every time she told me she loved me, I said, "no backsies"
I was fucked up in the game, migranes
No money in my pockets, all I had was a chain
.45 stainless, it got so deep I threw the heat to my dome
She said "If you shoot, you ain't the real Pretty Tone"
Baby, come home, you not alone, be strong whether right or wrong
Our bond is even more stronger when the light is gone
Say, "Yo, Starks relax, you know I got the hot water runnin
Baby, oil you down, pots in the oven"
And my lovin'? It's gone when they style old fashion
And, ah, don't worry bout that jam, you gonna smash 'em
Boom bash em', your time has come
Stay focused, keep it cool, you know I love you
Love you too, babe, thank you


Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)


The more I drowned, the more down he went
As if to say, them other chicks wasn't meant
When she came through, by every square inch possible
Help the kid get on out, every obstacle
Long talks at night, arguments and still try'nna solve
Whether who is right, we mad tight
And the way she never call the cops on a nigga's
Got me, open, even more on her with her bangin' body
My favorite sweetheart, cum, but don't ever stop
Your love, give me every drop, you kiss get's me very hot
Never felt feelings before, and felt so sure
Every time you put it on me, I feen for more
Think that's the reason why, can't leave, can't lie
Look you dead in the eye
Word to fuck up, like Ralph, baby, your the greatest
I'mma sell my guns, and with the cash I'mma bring you to Vegas


Uh... you got it
I was drowning in the sea of love
Going down for the third time
You came and saved me dear (saved me) {Ghostface!}
And all the sweet things you've been doing, I ain't never been used to 'em
Don't ever stop them, dear (stop them dear)


To all the ladies who love they man
Though they fuck up, and you still let them back in
Make some noise if you cook and you clean for 'em
Out of love, doing juks for them
To all my niggas who love a girl with good brains on 'em
Bag 'em and get your name tattooed on 'em
Kiss 'em in the morning, hold 'em, definitely show 'em
We got our crab down, packed when it's time to mold 'em


Oh... oh.. oh... oh oh...
Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)
I was down... thank you




(It's beautiful God, love it as peace
Let's just get out together, man
In this hard world, I'm just tellin' you
You gotta fight, man) Got this way?
(Yeah blood) You gotta move in peace
(Just peace, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout
It's real, the stress) Peace (Uh-huh)


More prettier than jewelry, more breathtakin' than a Farrakhan speech
With a million people waitin'
I've been saved, fuck my caves, those is just gifts
Just imagine if we all wit one page
Think alike, A, B alike, C alike
The proper knowledge is needed
Wit' Satan off my back, I'm at peace at night
No more cops, no more Rodney King's
No more peekin' out the curtain wit' the rifle by any means
AIDS don't exist, plus my sex life's terrific
I get a kick out of life, I bet my bitch on it
20/20s not enough coverage
Nightline, big Barbara Walters'
Specials now appear with more brothers
See Starks marchin' up to the promised land
Sunz of Man slid through, made the world understand
(Promised that's just the way it goes)


I just can't go on
Feelin' the way I feel
I just can't go on
Fellin' the way I see, ooh


Oh what a beautiful vision it would be to see
Every man, woman and child flow in harmony
But it's so hard in these gritty streets of New Yiggy
And every state infested with cobras, mocassins and rattle snakes
We hate, battle jakes, escape the thirst before the love of freedom
We travel many beaches and leeches
Black drums, kingdom comes slum better first day won
No limitations, no hesitations, we stay sun
Even though I went through hell strivin' to come out right
Carryin' heat, survival in these concrete streets
From the '70s era chrome beretta, story of the hood
Terror always stood these streets better
True princess, sun I'm tryin' to live my life more better
Soundin' like the strongest of weathers
Smooth as feathers, the grand loyal
All from the blood of royal
A hard head makes a soft ass
And never spoilt, feel me? word up




We spend our lives in the ghetto
Enslaved by the plague of the devil
In the graves, we all settle when we raised by the metal
Crack vials made us act wild
Gangsters look where we at now
Behind prison gates or buried in grounds
Role models of a child mis-educated, wanna be down
They gave up fake smiles, along with the pounds
How much time does a man need to notice you bleed?
And that the God you don't believe is the reason you breathe?
Blessed be the poor, playin' their numbers inside the liquor store
Next door apartment to me, is only coke wars
Caught four before Allah, we broke all the laws
I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, when ever we caught
Jum broads became strippers when they used to be Queens
A lot of us became sleepwalkers followin' dreams
Solomon Kings, that's why we like diamonds and rings
Pussy and CREAM, with vanity is what it could bring




I see your life without the right
It wouldn't be nothin' without the S.O.M
It wouldn't be nothin' without the S.O.M




(It's beautiful God, love it as peace
Let's just get out together, man
In this hard world, I'm just tellin' you
You gotta fight, man) Got this way?
(Yeah blood) You gotta move in peace
(Just peace, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout
It's real, the stress) Peace (Uh-huh)


More prettier than jewelry, more breathtakin' than a Farrakhan speech
With a million people waitin'
I've been saved, fuck my caves, those is just gifts
Just imagine if we all wit one page
Think alike, A, B alike, C alike
The proper knowledge is needed
Wit' Satan off my back, I'm at peace at night
No more cops, no more Rodney King's
No more peekin' out the curtain wit' the rifle by any means
AIDS don't exist, plus my life's terrific
I get a kick out of life, I bet my bitch on it
20/20s not enough coverage
Nightline, big Barbara Walters'
Specials now appear with more brothers
See Starks marchin' up to the promised land
Sunz of Man slid through, made the world understand
(Promised that's just the way it goes)


I just can't go on
Feelin' the way I feel
I just can't go on
Fellin' the way I see, ooh


Oh what a beautiful vision it would be to see
Every man, woman and child flow in harmony
But it's so hard in these gritty streets of New Yiggy
And every state infested with cobras, mocassins and rattle snakes
We hate, battle jakes, escape the thirst before the love of freedom
We travel many beaches and leeches
Black drums, kingdom comes slum better first day won
No limitations, no hesitations, we stay sun
Even though I went through hell strivin' to come out right
Carryin' heat, survival in these concrete streets
From the '70s era chrome beretta, story of the hood
Terror always stood these streets better
True princess, sun I'm tryin' to live my life more better
Soundin' like the strongest of weathers
Smooth as feathers, the grand loyal
All from the blood of royal
A hard head makes a soft ass
And never spoilt, feel me? word up




We spend our lives in the ghetto
Enslaved by the plague of the devil
In the graves, we all settle when we raised by the metal
Crack vials made us act wild
Gangsters look where we at now
Behind prison gates or buried in grounds
Role models of a child mis-educated, wanna be down
They gave up fake smiles, along with the pounds
How much time does a man need to notice you bleed?
And that the God you don't believe is the reason you breathe?
Blessed be the poor, playin' their numbers inside the liquor store
Next door apartment to me, is only coke wars
Caught four before Allah, we broke all the laws
I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, when ever we caught
Jum broads became messed when they used to be Queens
A lot of us became sleepwalkers followin' dreams
Solomon Kings, that's why we like diamonds and rings
Pussy and CREAM, with vanity is what it could bring




I see your life without the right
It wouldn't be nothin' without the S.O.M
It wouldn't be nothin' without the S.O.M




More Than Just a DJ, hip hop ain't dead
Some of you niggas ears is just fucked up
AZ, Raekwon, Ghostface Killah


I will take my time in the bushes, right
Pay the people no mind like I'm crooked, right
Shoot a nigga on down, do him something right
He on the floor, tell his grams, yo, I see the light


You know the rhetoric, top tier predicate
Stare, so whatever, shit, nigga, I'm a delicate
Do it for the hell of it, Brooklyn is the heritage
Home of the thoroughest, fully autos never miss
Call me the mellowest, murdering, verbalist
Ride through the turbulence, with la on the purple scent
G posture, bum rocker, gun cocker
Without the skully, I'm gully, sonny, a young Hoffa
Come papa, a kid left stunting
Homicide is nothing, I'm E.F. Hutton
Graze, gutter the grunting, days slayed are slumping
Twin K's, either way, compadres is dumping
Cuffed up, or something, the buck of C's and bumping
This Drama King thing, while you ding-a-lings is munching
Rae, Ghost & A, Street Sweepers'll slay
BK, Staten Island, Manhattan, but hey




Straight out the bushes, yo, from Lefrac to Bushwick
Blowing kush, catch him in buildings, sting him like cushion
High powered eagles, circulate through spots like needles
Bumping and grinding, and jetting the diesel
E-classes, feeding the masses, so much hash on my land
I had to power down and cop three tractors
Living luxurious, glorious, super deluxe hustlers
This is why we stay notorious
The emperor, call me a kings mentor, spent off the real
Money's real estate, now repent war
Crime, taxes and axes and bulletproof pens
I'm bout to get an ice glove like M. Jackson
Alpine, gooseneck systems, Calv Klein
Build blast '88 niggas who kill fast
I represent the planet of real masters
Park Hillian flashers, kill you for the will or to build action




Take me to paralyze her, drag him to Carolina
If he don't talk, stuff his mouth with the pacifier
Put his brains on his cali', make him feel the fire
Flame broil his lips, guns is lows for the appetizer
Honey roast his nuts, throat cut, leave that faggot dick like a broke dutch
Look like he woke up, bang him a cal, hanging him now
These semi autos almost took off half of his head, yo, this is Staten Island
Stay smiling, cake piling, watching our glucose
Repping forty's and brown bags, dipping from blue coats
Catch the G-Unit on a new boat, flicking it up
With new ropes, choppers banging, banging new Ghost
Applying the pressure, I bet you the K and the A will stretch ya
Leave your host, something holy like Mecca
This is real talk, blood sport, battery action
Mixed with rat poison, you punk faggots hurt, hand me your fucking package





(featuring Trife)


In control and effect
So what the heck, rock the discoteque


Bring all the hammers and the buchanans
My click ran in and acted as blazin' as though we still standin'
Spot raid of Rich Gannon, I play the bench standin'
Front of them snitch cameras, blow up your bitch Hannon
Give her a quick chance to kiss glance
In the mix, I saw the bitch sniffin', just dance
Slept on a peel, then broke her wrist, and burnt her quick
And stopped her wish, one of my wig pushed in
Ghostface is local, slick murder shit with a new rhyme hustle
Still bust you, f**k you, head bust you, respect my muscle
Like a mean hooker, I'm not gonna tussle, I'll cut you
And that goes for any nigga who think that they better than me
Punch in his face, f**k him up mentally
Real robe and pop my throne
Pop a cop if he show signs of any kinda stop my flow
This is real life lyricist, never a witness
See me clappin' the tools, improve my wrist
The dude is, the ruger is super steel
Fall back, take a look at my face, for real
My attempts to kill, sent a gate to chills
When his brain hit the windshields, brake ills


Burn it it, aw, burn it
And you know, got to have them set it
Burn it, aw, burn it
What a life, not a life, ha, ha, ha, hahahaha


Yo, get hooked like syringe with dope in it
And you a dummy like crack bags with soap in it
See, well I'mma got a scope with it, drama don't approach with it
Blow you off the coast, now your momma got a coat with it
Young nigga, smokin' marijuana with the coke in it
Sellin' CD's, VCR's and the remote with it
Easy, duke, man I need this loot
Look at my face, all hairy like some kiwi fruit
Dead serious, showin' no teeth, holdin' my heat
Put his eyes in the back of his head, he goin' to sleep
For f**kin' with a top boss, niggas get knocked off
I always drop shit for the streets like a cop's horse
Nigga you cock soft, scared to pop off
And I spit fire, my tongue's dipped in hot sauce
It'll burn you, toss and turn you
Have you bleed internal, get popped like kernels






Pass another shot of that Patron
Shorty I'm goin, why chu goin with me
After this, tonight I'm goin home
You wanna come, shorty come with me
Now I wanna see you get your hands up
Shorty wanna shake it for me
Ladies if you with me, get your hands up
Shake it, shake it, shake it for me


Lil nasty bitch
Cute face, slim waist, nice ass & tits
It's a damm shame that lil sweet thang ain't nothin but a freak thang
"In Love With A Stripper" like T-Pain
Er' weekday, up in the club like Lis' Raye
Makin niggas make it rain like Lil Wayne
Boy, mami tottsie rollin that pole
I ain't Peedi Peedi baby, I just know what I know
Call me Iceberg baby, Pimpin Ken on a stroll
Got the right one baby, wouldn't give you a cold
No, but I could give you the coat
Pimps up, hoes down, bank roll all froze
Mack keep em looking pretty, but won't give em no dough
Uncle Diddy run the city, butch you ain't know?
Now let that thang bounce, drop slow
And show out your outsides, you know how it go, oh




I'm at my maximum, I'm fully loaded
Baby girl c'mon, roll with it
Don't be askin them if I'm gon bomb
Like the atom or the a-tom, just order the dom
B Mack and them, you better know it
Nab hoes, after the show, she gon show it
That hoe, I told you she gon do it
The loads is full, she let me smash in the Buick
I'm comin for clothes, these hoes, we gon through it
Pull out my gat, she though I was gon shoot her
Mr. P Crakk Cocaine, I got rulers
My mind in the gutter, and my heart in the sewer
I kick a bitch to the curb, I keep it movin
Married to the game, I love my money and my music
Half Puerto Rican and black, they think I'm Jewish
I don't give em shit, and they keep comin back to it




Yeah, yeah, yeah
Now come and sit yo big ass down
Right here on daddy legs, now hush, take a sip of the brown
Lap dance on it, leave a white stain on my Levis
This the twat team, I'mma show you how we ride
Through a lasso over your hips, rustle your mean theighs
You bow-legged too? I'mma hit it from all sides
Uh huh, we brought the bar, you bought the bar
Beans got the big lighter out, waiting to spark
Word up, dancefloors, noise, asses shaking
And she winding that body like she got Jamaican
Asains, sistas, blacks, bad caucasions
Get em all Goosed up, then I persuade them
To bounce to the c-r-i-b
Shorty to young, sorry, gotta chill in the lobby
It's the penthouse, big couch, get digged out
You bring your lil male friends, I get kicked out






Yeah, what's the deal? What's the deal y'all?
I need y'all niggas to buckle up one time
Fasten your seatbelts, I'm a take y'all on some real shit
This Theodore shit, y'all niggas know what time it is and shit
Y'nah mean? It's real motherfuckin' shit, you know


Yo, making moves back and forth uptown
60 dollars plus toll is the cab fee
Wintertime bubble goose, goose, clouds of smoke
Music blastin' and the Arab V blunted
Whip smelling like fish from 125th
Throwin' ketchup on my fries, hitting baseball spliffs
Back seat with my leg all stiff
Push the fuckin' seat up, tartar sauce on my S Dot kicks
Rocks is lit while I'm poppin' the clips
I'm ready for war, got to call the Cuban guys
Got the Montana booth in front of the store
Made my usual gun check, safety off, come on Frank
The moment is here, take your fuckin' hood off and tell the driver to stay put
Fuck them niggas on the block they shook, most of them won't look
They frontin', they no crooks they fuck up they own juks
Look out for Jackson 5-0 cause they on foot
Straight ahead is the doorway, see that lady with the shopping cart
She keep a shottie cocked in the hallway
Damn she look pretty old Ghost
She work for Kevin, she 'bout seventy seven
She paid her dues when she smoked his brother in law at his bosses' wedding
Flew to Venezuela quickly when the big fed stepped in
3 o'clock, watch the kids, third floor, last door
You look paranoid that's why I can't juks with you
Why? Why you behind me leery?
Shakey Dog stutterin', when you got the bigger cooker on you
You is a crazy motherfucker, small Hoodie dude
Hilarious move, you on some Curly, Moe, Larry shit
Straight parry shit, Krispy Kreme, cocaine, dead bodies, jail time you goin' carry it
Matter of fact, all the cash, I'm a carry it
Stash it in jelly and break it down at the Marriott
This is the spot, yo son your burner cocked?
These fuckin' maricons on the couch watchin' Sanford and Son
Passin' they rum, fried plantains and rice
Big round onions on a T-bone steak, my stomach growling
Yo I want some
Hold on, somebody's comin', get behind me, knock at the door
Act like you stickin' me up, put the joint to my face
Push me in quickly when the bitch open up
Remember you don't know me, blast him if he reach for his gun
Yo who goes there? Tony, Tony one second homie
No matter rain, sleet or snow you know you supposed to phone me
Off came the latch, Frank pushed me into the door
The door flew open, dude had his mouth open
Frozen, stood still with his heat bulgin'
Told him Freeze! lay the fuck down and enjoy the moment
Frank snatched his gat, slapped him, asked him
Where's the cash, coke and the crack? Get to smokin' you fast
His wife stood up speakin' in Spanish
Big tittie bitch holdin' the cannon
Ran in the kitchen, threw a shot, the kick in the four fifth
Broke a bone in her wrist and she dropped the heat
Give up the coke! But the bitch wouldn't listen
I'm on the floor like holy shit! Watchin my man Frank get busy
He zoned out, finished off my man's wiz
He let the pitbull out, big head Bruno with the little shark's teeth chargin'
Foamin' out the mouth, I'm scared
Frank screamin', blowin' shots in the air
Missin' his target, off the Frigidare, it grazed my ear
Killed that bullshit pit, ran to the bathroom butt first
Frank put two holes in the doorman's Sassoon
The coke's in the vacuum, got to the bathroom, faced his bad moves
The big one had the centipede stab wound
Frank shot the skinny dude, laid him out
The bigger dude popped Frankie boy, played him out
To be continued




I had my eyes squinched up tryin' to get through the fog
Pullin' up mad slow blunted, passin' police cars
I saw one two three bodies
Blood mixed with the rain ran through the gutter
That's the work of a tommy
But then I heard it was the work of a mami
Spanish chick bad, about five six, long hair, red Jag
Kinda bowlegged, Chanel sweatpants, she thick
She love her some pussy, don't really give a fuck about dick
That's when I got the call, yo Tone come to the shop
Some fire jumped, chill I'm about to pull in the lot
Lowered the tunes, pulled the Benz keys out the ignition
Brushed the ashes off my blazer then finished my Guinness
So then I walked in, seen the God shufflin' cards
Spades game, it's goin' down, he lost a couple of yards
Peace Lord, how your physical?


He upstate miserable
Stressed, doin' a thousand sets
But yo check the visuals
I'm at this hotel in Queens
Me and Charene getting' slow necked
That's live, I couldn't finish the bean
Gotta a phone call, seen the whole bitch face fall
Dope fiend look like the bitch swallowed an eight ball
They talkin' about killin' ya man's and them
That kid from Staten, his jewels is tough, his robes is satin
Yo that's my heart Tone; yea yea he killed the captain
What nationality nigga? The kid was Latin
It happened uptown, broad day, right in Manhattan
I was shoppin' with my home girl, Leona with acne?
But you know what, Flaco meets Lolita
Flew in, she from Medellin, he deaded her uncle over them seventeen bricks
Niggas ain't slick, niggas is dicks
Y'all got beef for life now cause that bitch is a trick


Ay yo fuck that, close the gate


And lower the shade
Then a shot popped off


Hit lil' bro in his fade
And then I see him dropped his clippers


He dipped with the quickness
It was Lolita black down yo


With four other bitches
He had a nasty hammer, fat ass


Her tits was bananas
Yo the clip was ninety shot


She lit up the cameras
So then I bugged out, ran up the steps


Yo I got hit in the leg


He shot back, hit one bitch in her breast
Under the pinball game aimin'


It's foggy and rainin'


My jewels is clangin'


Yo Tone tuck your chain in
She shootin' like she wanted a payment
Throwin' bullets like Joe Nameth, yellin'


Yo it's all entertainment
Where y'all girls at? Where ya'll pussies at?
Thought y'all bang on Gaten Island?
I killed three things on Staten Island

(Guns firing)
Take that!
You fuckin' with me huh?!
That's all you got babyyyyyy?
Hold that! Motherfuckaaaaa!
Yea! You on Staten Island now nigga!


Now where the fuck is your brain at now ho?
You fuckin' with me, brains is all over the wall like Velcro
I fuck your pussy while you die slow
Wake up! You cock suckin' ass maricon

That's what you get for killin' Frankie

(Police loudspeaker)
Tony Starks, Tony Starks drop you weapons now
Put your weapons down or we will shoot

Ay yo Rae I got this
I ain't surrenderin', they gon hang me
You know what it do, yo I love you
Say peace to my kids, say peace to my wiz
I ain't goin' to jail
Fuck it's on G, let's get...FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAS!






Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck I'll fuck your ass up!


(Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now?
Don't fuck the style, ruthless wild
Do you wanna get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then shout!


Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture
Got niggas resignin', now master
My style? Never!
I put the fuckin' buck in the wild kid, I'm terror
Razor sharp, I sever
The head from the shoulders, I'm better than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together


Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the tri-BLOW!


I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet
And I bet you're not a fuckin' vet
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal


Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!


Yo! I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play-ay!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe, what!




RonArtest.com, we got fire in here, you heard me, The Wu
World champion, yeah... we up in here
We up in here.. uh-huh (Du-Lilz, let's go baby)
Shaolin, what up? (Theodore Unit, Big O)
Shaolin and QB... (The Wu, let's go) let's go


Solomon Childs, this thought is just a ghetto prophecy
With walls of animosity
'76 born and conceived in a world of grieve
Titled tomorrow 'the killas'll leave'
My poppa was a rolling stone, my poppa was a general
Shit, my momma had chrome
And also was a preacher's daughter
My projects was the meaning of slaughter
I had to get knocked down to stand still
New York City's new protocal, arson
I spit fire in the air like the Bronx
Music for niggas who kill NARC's, black steel hawks
Associate with snakes and sharks, Solomon's art
My little brother had rusty skates
We ate Roy Rogers, and my pops cocaine gates
Word to blood, they gon' feel my wrath
Like Rakim, with the tommy guns in '88
We like Kane, be bout to set it straight


Let me zone, dun, brain waves flowing
Retarted pitbulls, steel clips and I'll pull
Hopped off, start four of us, pockets swollen
Get rocked dog, move away from chain smokers
Cocaine growers, propane throwers
Shaolin, Q.B., hold strange toasters
Tru Warrier Records, Enterprise connections
Heavy ass necklace, what hood you repping?
The change gon' come, but I'm in it for that steady
Iron Horse to the Ferry, blowing on that berry
Throwback killas, still rock Cuban Linx
I ain't hear nothing real, ever since the Purple Tape
The vertical drop rise, smash ya top five
Got a burner, don't blast, that means you're not live
Wu-Tang hits, I bone your chick in a beehive
Kick her ass out, with just a pair of knee highs
I don't really care, just give me respect
Had the whole Queensbridge, we in video sets, yea
Crud love, and Theodore Unit
Anti-social, you hear us in the movie


Yo, I hold a track like Jevon Kearse
Get money while ya'll faggot niggas on thirst
X-X-X, you just build with no doctors, freaks is hot
Shutting Enron down, like the square is out
In '89, Starter jackets and my Rakim grind
Combined, I like peace in the pop'em signs
Or Akim at clear, in them mosh hill times
Or R.K., showing wallets when it's time to shine


Gangstas and Ghostface Killahs, cold murderous boy
You heard of Q.B., yea, there's a herd of us
Street smart lyric industry can't get us
Tourbuses and drop tops, get with us
Hennessey heating up the liver, got ya in a clutch
One second left, I deliver
One shot right through the neck of the Nets
Reppin' AQ2, kid, Buddah Bless
I rap because I wanna, aight, it's off my chest
Yes, I'm a rapper and I wanna be the best
Why settle for less, Solomon, Trife, Theodore Unit rep
You gotta take it, just to earn your respect
Next up, I believe that's me
Pass the mic to golden dog, the game, R.I.P
I'm higher than a fence when I'm jumping over trees
And Challace in the game, so you lames at ease
And it's Crud Love, Q.B., Shaolin
Got a belt, long purple, sippin' on Henn, where shall I begin
Full court press, all around the best
Ron under the net, show respect, Protect Ya Neck
Blueberry track, cuz we back, playing chess
Sippin' on a Heineken, the building blowing black
None the less, laser tech, we block, you will prep
For the set, nigga, yea, we in it to the death
Cheddar chasing, don't be a medical patient
Cuz niggas is erasing any type of altercation



Niggas is fucking crazy, you know what I'm saying?
Hell yeah, man
Word, you know how niggas be biting and shit
Niggas be biting mad styles and shit from niggas, man
Yeah, no doubt
That's what I be hating man, I can't stand a fucking biting ass nigga
Wanna use your lines all ahead of time before you even get a chance to shine on your own shit

True, nah niggas be killing me though son because you know
They be they be coming with your words and shit
They hear you say one word then here they come with the word
Trying to flip it and bounce it and shit on some bullshit
Yeah, yeah
Not sounding right first of all and shit, you know what I'm saying?
Boom, but then you got niggas son on the real, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas niggas niggas niggas is biting off your album cover and shit
Yeah!
Boom, bad enough they biting lines like niggas killed me when they came with some Na-
Niggas bit offa Nas shit! You know what I'm saying?
*chuckling*
Word niggas niggas niggas niggas caught his little album cover, boom
Then done did a Nas for that shit
Yeah
I'm like damn what the fuck man?
It's like these happy-go-lucky niggas man when they get on man
They wanna pop a little, a little champagne, you know what I'm saying?
But like I said...
Every few, every time you see 'em, you know what I'm saying?
Like, front on, don't front for me, man
You gon' play that role man, play it though

Yo man, it's like this man, niggas man
Niggas know not to fuck around with this shit though
I don't give a fuck how nasty niggas get

Nah son, let me tell these niggas something, God
I don't want niggas sounding like me... on no album!
You know what I'm saying?
For real cause I'mma approach a nigga man
For real man, I don't want nobody sounding like me man
For real son, you know
No doubt
Bad enough nigga, I don't want nobody sound like nobody from my Clan, man
Keep it real, get your own shit man, and be original

Word up
That's all man
And you'll be a better man
And you gonna come out on your own way
Word up
Whatever how you gonna take it man, fuck it
Word up




Ether Boy, Def Jam, Ghostface, Ron Browz
Oh, oh, oh


It's no special when them shots go down
You can catch one in the gut, and go down
The silencers work to muffle that sound
Snuck through tools and on the low down
Gangstas give it up, what
Big cups of Goose stay filled-it up, we stay four wheeled-it up
I would talk to shorty but her ass ain't big enough
Her friends look like the type that'll just give it up
From abyss to gecko, stay bumrushing them hoes like Joe Klecko
It's hard to get a ticket like the Funkmaster Flex show
Even fat girls get twist into pretzels, Toney Starks special


She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, mami, you'se a killer
She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, shorty, you'se a killer
Oh, hop in my four wheeler, oh, ain't nobody realer
Oh, you got a man, I'mma steal ya, oh, my ice is iller
Yeah, we drinking Patron and, put your number in my phone and
Ain't trying to take you home and, we partying to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, to, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, oh, we partying to the morning


My co-defendant, her name's Alexis
Niggas get caught up by the side of her breastses
She'll murder you while eating your breakfast
You'll die wanting to try how good her sex is
Baby's shit wiggle like J-Lo, her thing so good
Before you hit it, you be having to pray, yo
Don't wanna bust fast, best be on your J-O
She strictly dickly, don't go both ways, yo
She independant and she fly
Bout 5'5, 5'6, bout yay high
Button-up pink boss shirt, blue necktie
Every nigga in the club wanna eat that thigh
Surprise she stay on her toes like a prized ballerina
She tight, her stomping grounds is out in Medina
This pretty thing handle her biz, she carry those things
Ready to die like she related to B.I.G



 (Shawn Wigs)
Everybody's acting like they killing the town
(Pardon me lord, I was sipping that brown)
This goes for the rappers, non-gun clappers
Yo, Wigs, get the cameras these is a bunch of actors (action)
Yet, my heat sing like Shirley Caesar
You can come test me at, your own leisure
I'm ballin', gettin' Arab money and I pop champagne
And go hit shorty, shaking that thang, cuz





(Yeah, Yeah)
Tony Starks ya'll
Ghost, Bini and Case
C'mon, yeah
Sing that sh*t
Let'em have it

(Case)
Been around the world ladies come and go
Still I tell myself that you weren't one of those
That's what I get for being polite
I'm not upset or headed goodbye

Tried to love you tried to please you
It never made a difference I see
Shoulda known betta
I feel so dumb
Made you the one
It never made a difference I see
Shoulda known betta

Such a perfect love or so I thought it was
But you were lovin' you, girl instead of lovin' us
That's what I get for being polite
I'm not upset

Girl, I can't believe how much I really loved you
And I really don't believe how much I cared

So I guess I made a fool out of myself
But believe me, it won't happen again

(Ghostface Killah)
Your part of me son, yo let me jump in Case
We do the same sh*t girl watcha talkin' about dog
Stopped this young thief from eatin' pork
Now she on the phone hollerin', you want child support
Too bad I ain't got no cream and the kids they go and get it
'cause as soon as she get it, she go and spend it
And that's what I get just for lovin' her more
Got me feeling like a stranger when I walk in the door
Lookin' at me like it's my fault, (word)
With devious thoughts in the back of her head
Wishin' the kids were on morphine
Get laid off or get sprayed off lose my face
But I refuse like a plane I'm a take off
Induce my career now that I'm alone I
Think without stress for the moment Case
Y'know I'm a
When I love I love too hard

(Repeat 1)

(Repeat 2)

(Repeat 1) til fade




Yeah (yeah yeah yeah yeah), Tony Starks ya'll, Ghost Dieni and Case
Come on, (oh yeah) yeah, whattup man, sing that *censored*
Let em have it


Been around the world, ladies come and go
Till I tell myself, that you weren't one of those
That's what I get for being polite
I'm not upset, or headed goodbye


Tried to love you, tried to please you
Never made a difference I see, shoulda known better
I feel so dumb, made you the one
Never made a difference I see, shoulda known better


Such a perfect love, or so I thought it was
But you weren't loving you, girl instead I'm loving none
That's what I get for being polite
I'm not upset, girl I can't believe how much I really loved you
And I really don't believe how much I cared
So I guess I made a fool up out of myself
But believe me, it wasn't meant to be




Yo, yo pardon me son, yo let me jump in Case
Been through the same (censored) bro, know what you talking bout dog
Stopped this young thing from eating pork
Now she on the phone hollering (censored) you and child support
That I ain't go no CREAM, and the kids they gon get it
Cause as soon as she get it, she gon spend it
And that's what I get just for loving her more
Got me feeling like a stranger when I walk in the door
Looking at me like it's my fault (word)
But devious thoughts in the back of her head wishing the kid fall off
And get laid off or get sprayed off or lose my face
But I refuse, like a plane, I'ma take off
And boost my carreer (yeah)
Now that I'm alone I think without stress, word to mother, can't slow down
I'm a Taurus the bull, when I love, I love too hard
A earth sign that love is love and respet God




Yeah, six o'clock in the morning
That's right, you gotta get your darts right
Spray ya'll niggas on some marksman shit]


I got rid of the grays
Took my hat off and the crowd went crazy
Bitches threw their panties, the sound man was fannin' me
The whole place was standin', G
What they chant, we was family
Jumped in the crowd and I swam the sea
Threw me to the back, surprise, I still had my chains on me
Dana Dane, front row bitches, I bang all three
Say, yo, Math, fuck it, throw on Jim Browski
Versace, banana color robes and my socks be
Them Billie Jean shits and they real rocky
The fans can't knock me
I bench Coliseums while Genius spot me
Plus I'm cocky, bitch


Once I, took off the hoodie, revealed the face
Cop patrol couldn't control the place
I got groupies backstage, lined up at the gate
The signs up, yellin', "We love your tape!"
I'm sorry I took so long, didn't mean to make ya'll wait
But good things take time to create
You can find me, in your studio
Half baked, eatin' ganja cake
Tryin' to make my next release date
With Ghost, Street, GZA, great minds relate
You know a brother bond is hard to break
When we perform we cause the Earth to shake
Ain't nuthin' change, it's still those same niggas you love to hate
GZA...


I set examples over amplified samples
That's scratched in the club, ducks begin to trample
On those who fell victim, body loss they souls
These beats when I picked 'em
Jones played the role, soldiers, brave and bold
RZA paid the roll, GZA buries the scrolls
Then months later it was, then years later it was
Written on loose leaf, that old formula
That was stolen by new thieves
The journalist watched it, critics couldn't knock it
A piece of history that they carried in their pocket
With the time factor, speed was the order of the day
What a delay, they were able to, what he would say
Why waste the slot time, of the ridiculous rhyme
That's only excused by a generous mind
I kept 'em stored in the shelters like the goods in cans
'Til I turned rap fields into harvested lands




Niggas is sitting around, selling it for money
What the fuck is that? Chill chill what up?
Stop playing, man, man, you know what it is, man
Fuck that, you know what it is, yo, nigga what up?
Where that money? Man, yo, yo, yo, come here!
Stop acting like you don't know, you already know


Indian head, jewelry
Out in Egypt with the wrists of fury
Spanking bracelet, rocking Asics
Trick bandit, Ghost is brick granite
At the U.S. Open with my whole len, slapping up fifty scramblers
Niggas said the II was classic, a lot of crack is in the game, yo
But your shit is the only 'lastic
C.R.E.A.M. rap, militant flow, combination with Swahilian dough
Guaranteed we dose that, in the beast like pizzas
All I know is reefer and street stuff
Stay fly, moving in fleece, what?
Traveling the continents with confidence
Cuban Linx III coming, don't know when, but the time is running


By any means on, Ron O'Neal lean on
Freestyle, you want it from Ghost? Then throw C.R.E.A.M. on
Suited up, smelling like Fahrenheit with jeans on
Knock the rice out a wedding, come and get your bling on
Next winter we in log cabins, more baggage, more savage
Central Park killas, that equals more stabbings
You read the papers, more horrors like Amityville
Profanity kills, you like lint on a raggety silk
We rock bulls, rock jewels, you heard the interludes
Blow up beds in a fifty yard swimming pool
Jumping out of planes for dough, Gucci parachutes
Abdul Raheem written across is the Ashtabu'
Suede loafers, 'Lo scarves, my little grandson want
The 20-10 Mercedes-Benz go kart
So he can pull out the lollipop keys on 'em
His pops'll push the Bugatti drop V on 'em
Stampede on 'em, Rap Playoffs got a three-nothing lead on 'em
Sparking MC's like we quoting our degrees on 'em






Dangerous thoughts, mind of a militia
Bottles of the 1-50 poured over twistas
Broken bones and pillars, Staten Island the illest
The biggest land fillers, we creep like caterpillars
Love razors, dirty guns with a few - bodies
Teach niggas how to walk again from the fucking shotty
Sixth sense, six pack, six degrees of separation
My evil 3rd eye blinks with no hesitation
Dustbags, spoonfuls of sugar help the medi
Go down smooth and steady, blowing the green deadly
Hen weed pops, isolated of hash bricks
Needle left stuck in his arm, died of a bad fix
We still rock, still dry drawers on the stove
Got bread from back in the days, it's growing some mold
2Pac's back, my Glock's fat
After the gun smoke, you screaming, where my block at?


Both hands crusty, need a little lotion
That shit don't matter when I mix the color ocean
Smoking on potent, goons bagging up in the living room
Blocking the flat screen while I'm watching Juice
Move your big ass head, my favorite part's on
Q and the DJ battle, move or I scratch you
95's from 95's on the coffee table
Got them selling dimes still shiny as a nickel
Pistol in designer boxers, shoeboxes in bedrooms
Some got stacks but most discontinued
What's on the menu? Eat a rapper like butternut squash
Bark on a nigga with the blade out
Run up in your safehouse, how ironic
Knock a ring on a nigga like somebody hit Sonic
Smoking on chronic feeling like Nostradamic
See dying in your future, nigga I promise
Vomit colors seven series, TiVo the World Series
About to miss the game hitting sevens on the slot machine
Dice game, Vice Lorder, drunk driving in the Charger
With a big titty bitch looking like Toccara
I don't know what you know
But if you know what I know, you better get ghost 'fore I get Ghost
I don't know what you know
But if you know how I know, you better get ghost 'fore I get...


Hey what up son, they talking that money on the ground shit
U-P-S, Fedex, I deliver the pound shit
Raw dog, my hood's like Crazy Eddie's stamp bag
Stapleton niggas stash they guns in shit bags
Doo-rags and blue and red flags, we keep new tags
Skinny or big jeans, niggas they still sag
Brag about 2 chains, 4 chains, 6 chains
Spread eagle bitches in the crib giving brain
Still keep them Clarks crispier than printed money
And the champion gear that I rock? Will hide my face for me
Mask down, 3-57 and the box of shells
Seville dead-arm the kid in the stairwell
Stem cell, my niggas is scientific
We make crumbs and wax, the T-H-C is prolific
Fruitful, my Clan bundle cash like Pablo
Bank in the Caimans, stash-houses out in Cabo






When I'm locked down I use Timbs as my shower slippers
I'm in the background mingling with the powder flippers
In the basement, hard-body power lifters
I crush sour in the sifter, see how I lift her
Universal God I stay scientific
The kid with the Golden Arms, Iron Fisted
Stay Asiatic, so cinematic
Noise in the attic, bang out with them automatics
It's hood politics that bring the hunger back
I'm straight chopping wood, call me the lumberjack
Check the catalog put out a hundred packs
Watch for drug sniffing dogs they coming from the back
I'm straight thunder clap the funky drummer's back
It's pure Dopium, give em a heart attack
I stay stacking plaques like ancient artifacts
Joe Namath in the game I'm the quarterback


Eight balls of coke, blunt to the greenery
Pounds in the trunk get you a concrete scenery
Handmade ox'll get you dumped in the mess hall
Snitch niggas run to C.O.s to confess all
This is street knowledge, knowledge I school college
Like a speech from the GZA, sharp like the RZA
Don't run with a scissor, nigga the truth is the
Truth, now I'mma drop a few jewels in the booth
Used to boot crack, stuff em inside a tennis ball
Ans throw it when they rushing the block, trust no cops
Driving around with two mitts in my socks
Cooked coke gon' get you in more trouble than money
Don't crawl through dust juice the pigs is hungry
You think they ain't watching
They watching while you uptown copping
Back home while you're cooking and chopping
They scheming on the block waiting to get it popping


He had a sword and an axe with cuts
Under a road that was woven from silver and gold, waxed it up
His army was so great in quantity
His crops and livestock boost the economy
Many would travel by boat to see him
His image adorned most schools and coliseums
A merchant, hustle those silk and velvets
Portrait illuminated when the torch was well-lit
Picture so beautifully painted that
One thought it would breathe or move cause it would leave a mood
Or energy, you see his wife practiced Yoga
Made herbal enhancers that had saved the soldiers
Guard the treasures in the chambers, halls and vaults
Well-prepared for all assaults
Heavy guarded village
Armed with the sharpest weapons designed to pierce and cause blood spillage


From a young teen, a murder team, inspired by crime
See Allah Just granted permission for my position
Sit down, write rhymes, escaping this repetitive cycle
Slinging dimes, losing time, doing hard time
Teaching y'all mathematically, come see
The epitomy of what you wanna be - emcee
My semi-auto gun mandatory at the sound clash
The mic touched, dance mashed up, pounds of the best
Green glass bottles of don, I sip the liquor slow
Flow so devastating when I go solo
Even when I'm dolo, pretty gun I'm holding
Head swollen off the solid gold soul
Iron Mic pole beat your face like you stole something, trust me
Living life royalty, all wise and healthy
Welcome to the best of me, from knowledge to infinity
Never stopping my projectory, I'm galactic


Yo, peace to all of the gods and all of the earths
We been building like this ever since the first day of birth
The more I start to build, the better I feel
Keep ignorant niggas from me, use dummies for shield
You're not Godbody son, you're just garbage and real snotty
Cherry head gaylord still stuck in the lobby
This the first Now Born, son I'm blessed with mad lessons
Conquered crazy devils, my mind is a weapon
You can't fast with me and avoid the swine
You degenerate emcee, I'm the best of mankind
Allahu Akbar straight jewels and real stars
I'm down with the RZA, got help for the Widow's Son
Pop off on you, you ain't nothing to me - DUN DUN
Original Tyzeem, Holy water, Visine
Designated wordplay, God respect my deen
Shine on little stars and respect the Queen


New York Giant, call me Deck Umenyiora
Fresh with the water connect, two and a quarter
Deal with the dealer, don't trust the transporter
My job is done once I get it to the border
Perico, coke game is kilos of cocaine
Hypodermic needle to the groove, I dose veins
Overdoser, you know the product is raw right
Lines take you there like I wrote it with off-white
Got him bent up, hands looking like a tin cup
Sorry no consignment, get your ends up
Move from the gate now, he on his way straight to Jake now
I'm on the hush with my weight loud
Got the shakes now, how they want it bad
Five or six heads chipping in for a bag
I got the works like a burger deluxe
Get your fix while I'm serving it up, word to us




Yo
Skunk Fu, balancing the earths and the heavens
With an old wise panda and a whole pack of bredrins
Rabbit, fox, pig, snake and killer bees
Duck, crane, tiger fighting off ninja monkeys
And baboon, that evil dragon won't prevail
Over young skunk skills and that old stink-tail
Defender of the valley from the dragon in the lake
Use your mind, body and soul to fly as you levitate
The Yin, the Yang, the shadowboxing technique
Then monkey flip, tiger-style train of defeat
Disappear with the teleportation in the trees
This is kung fu mastered by infinite degrees
With an army of the animals created by God
Supernatural, believe in the sun, moon and stars
Lead the resistance, not just do as they thinkers
If you smell something funny, that Skunk's letting off stinkers


Skunk Fu! Rocking that Fu Manchu
Learning how to defend like the rest of his crew
Slap a ninja monkey, learn all types of techniques
Swing that old stink-tail and watch how it reeks


Yo Ghost, welcome to the Spartan war room
Where the killer bees sleep till it's time for the swarming
We skirmish, skunk's like the monks
Of the Shaolin temple who fight, never run
It's fire, water, stone rocks and earth
Five elements deep like the ox and the bird (you heard)
Banana swing, flame swords and darts
But make sure the kid stay good in the heart
And if by any chance things get adrift
(Surprise!) Dropped at the whiff
Of a stink, I'm fighting, six ninja monkeys is easy
Ask the fox if you do not believe me
Defeat me? You wilding, resistance
We fight old baboon and the dragon, so listen
To master, the panda, his grammar is kung fu and tongue fu
The way he swing daggers? He loves you






Never under estimate Tony Stark


You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman!"
You done slept on Tony
"Yo, before that, I was getting it on"
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman"
You done slept on Tony
"I was getting it, getting it, getting it on"


Yo, when they kidnapped your boy, and forced me to do evil
I created an iron suit, to protect my people
Escaped, bound to be Ironman the great
The billionaire Tony Starks'll renew your fate
Built Stark Towers, throw the biggest events
Got liquid, armor, I can paint all dents
Keep a few bad chicks, I ain't your average hero
Movie premieres, catch me with the zam enginero
Six six eleven gold, playboy industrialist
Face of a ghost, mind of a technologist
Specialist, modern day speech slang therapist
Scecialize in weapons, I can blow off terrorists
So, so don't sleep big homey
Real recognize and I can see you phoneys
My weak heart can't take it, got a life long sentance
Boy genius grown up, and I fight with a vengeance




Yo, I got steel toe wallies when I glide on stage
And my heart gently weeps in an iron ribcage
Punctured by metals, replaced by elements
My enemies hunt it like a tusk on the elephant
Extraordinary, hiding my duel identities
Anthony Stark, call me Ton', the top pedigree
Multi-billionaire, military contractor
Crushing my opponents, with the strength of a compactor
Ex-factor, I turn liquids to metals
Water to wine, I turn dirt into rose petals
Greatest man walking, blow a bottle of Goose
Goldy plat iron armor, to Versace suits
I'm so elegant, scientifically intelligent
My lawyers won the case, I won't take the settlement
Money's irrelevant, I need heat to energize
We taking over the planet, Stark Enterprise




Once again, Tony Stark, infinite finesse
Stopped the planet, and destroyed an indestructable track






Sometimes I like slim, sometimes I like thick
Sometimes I combine and I like them slick
Them slick probably went over your head
Couldn't lay up, I just went over for head
Made a change of plans, when she bent over the bed
Now she on the balcony, pinned over the ledge
Been a few days but I sent over some bread
It can get rough with tuition and rent over your head
Not the same hoes to rescue anybody
But a nigga knows what stress do to the body
And no they see me on the best shoot buzzing naughty
Shit be looking fresh like shoes and Bugatti's
And I don't know why you been in high heels
But I swear we all on one
And if you do know that man, girl
I be like, where you know 'em from
You so slick, so small, curvy
Teeth all pearly, hair all curly
When it's time for it, you look all girly
Never look tired, but you wake up all early
Hit the gym, to keep it toned up
Progress, keep picking your phone up
Ah shit, waist getting smaller, niggas all on Instagram
Like damn I need to call her


That body perfect in my eyes
No matter what they say, everything lookin' just fine
You got that blessin' in disguise
You Wouldn't know it, girl you got me

Thim slick girls get me every time
Thim slick girls could get every dime


Damn, you got a fat lil' pussy
Meatloaf gangsta, real good nookie
Only love hard rocks, tough lil' cookie
Leave a nigga balls all blue like a tookie
Yeah pretty walnut skin, pistachio an guinness, got me 4 nuts in
I record what is dome busting
Stay going raw on Forbes Hustling
The ass in the kitchen, hash for the Simson
Butt naked clean up my gun and you're all vintage
You loaded it up, cocked over the sink
Cock in my hand, while I'm pouring your drink
Yo, yo watch how you hold that lady
Eighteen hundred grand hammers, I'mma throw that baby
Flying through the city in the old ack navy
While he green peril with caves in the state key
Now bouncing your butt up, milf queen vadge better built
We can make love real slow cuz it's better felt
Yeah surely murder that thing as we slept that night away
I had to swerve out of king
Off the chain work out chick that do yoga
Leg over her head, finger in her chocha
That's my type of chick
Ride or die body, ride body, yo' them are slick






This life will fade away... (away)
So hard to appreciate... (appreciate)
Each moment, of each day
Life's quick, don't flip, move slow, ya rushing it
Oh... oh... oh...


Looking lavish, I lace all my bunnies with karats
Spending millions and make music, I pay for the clearance
Cuz tomorrow ain't promised and my bankroll's bursting
Connects with Aston Martin, I'll be that first in
That prototype truck, with the space navigation
Cost of living go up, I'm just go on vacation
Fresh oxygen tanks, got world reknowned surgeons
Plush robes made from suede and knitted by virgins
First breath of the day can be my last
So I flash, give my niggas some cash, I just pull out the stash
Buy a million dollar piece like I buy a pack of seeds
You buy OZ's of haze, I buy a forest full of trees




Order that bottle of Louis the thirteenth and some Dom P
I got a bunch of chicks that love to get raunchy
See, Tone double-dipped and I nut like Flanders
Ask Tamia and Chevon, I got 'em both going bananas
Buying frosted bracelets, Louis Vuitton duffles
French vanilla ice cream and hot apple pie truffles
Fly Mika to Costa Rica, I got a crib on the beach
With underwater lights and surround sound speakers
Pet cheetahs, tiger sharks and dolphin feeders
Fly French maids, serving Grey Goose by the liters
Got Felecia and Taquesha, Crystal and Katie
Little Precious, picking my poppy seeds out in Haiti




Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down.... slow down...
Life's quick, don't flip, move slow, ya rushing it


Slow it down, I need money though
YouknowI'msaying? This just, just what I do
On the streets, y'knahmean?
Babies need Pampers, man
YouknowI'msaying? I don't know
I think about it, I think about it, yanahImean?
My responsibilities, I've gotta focus more
You might be right though, you know
Maybe things'll start coming to me naturally, you feel me?
Starting praying more, youknowImean? Be with the family more
And, I might live longer, you feel me?
Word... you... just feel like you right, though
I don't know... I'mma take your advice though




Fly, fly, up against the wall stand off, Killah
We here, we here, nigga, you see us
You see us nigga, flyin' through your city
In the mean shit, word up, just analyze it nigga
Yeah, realizin' the world


My niggas won't stop til we straight, select bigger gates
We won't stop until we buyin' estate, yo
Pull out them burners and front, where I'm from
Better shoot something, if not, niggas won't salute nothing


Yo, aiyo Rae, check out the bangle (uh-huh)
Where niggas brought to an angle
Look how it shine, arm is like thank you


Yo, pa, yo I already peeped that
But did you peep the cream of wheat
Oatmeal seats that hugs you like bean bags?


Yo, he had ads in the Staten Island ad
He bought a Benz, a Bentley, his promotion was the best
In Queens, throughout, all coliseums, right
Mint condominiums, bitches, premium shittin' on millennium
He was a master when he bought Henny
And, good at plaster and he taught many
Thinkin' like fuck bitches, can't stop me now
I'm legal, like the feds can't knock me now
Shoulders is cocked d., plus he his donuts where the cops be
His bitch on the M.C. tip, is Foxy
Chop shops is where his pops be
Blow his money on hoes, plus he O.G
And he quick to paparazzi


His sweaters is the steel version, cut the commercialism
Go hard, jumpin' out of Saabs, writin' ill verses
Represent towns and vallies, all rallies and ballies
Rolled down, blowin' Cali weed
The Hennessey pourin, remixin' it with Crown
When egotistic get down, the hundred wolves in woolie coats
Niggas throats is heavy, he's used to wearin' ropes
Sailin' in boats, the goats let me live and standin' loyal like the kid 70
I'm ancient, zippers is made of gold, I prevail well
Who be rockin' them steel wells
Yo, it's us, a hundred busters, three hundred barrels of dust
Lustin' discussions, the world will remember us
Catch me poppin' sweats and Timbs, with gats, iller brims
Take ups is matchin' all gold ratchet
A hundred villains, billion assets
Smashed up my last jet, blood on my jumper, flood it with gas wet
Catch me poppin' sweats and Timbs, with gats, iller brims
Take ups is matchin' all gold ratchet
A hundred villains, billion assets
Smashed up my last jet, blood on my jumper, flood it with gas wet




Uh huh, ba-by, ba-by, uh, it's goin' down
This is that muthafuckin' nigga (off the sound)
Yeah, uh, bulletproof muthafuckin' gooses outdoors
For all the streets, all the dusts in the streets
(Let me get a sip of that, let me get a sip of that)
Rusty projects and all that, the radiators is bulletproof
Yo, yo, come on, ah yo yo


What up cousin, this is most high wizardry
Got's to watch niggas, so I stay on my grizzly (uh)
These young boys comin' at me (yeah)
Lookin' at these faggots, like yeah, you get amped off of Pepsi
Damn, what kind of cards you delt
Does your elevator go up? (Nope) You ain't rap too tight
Right, you can tell me, G-H to O-S-T
Two hundred Bees'll get you killed by coke head Skeet
This is murder, you can get it, if my fam don't eat
And, we slam niggas, like we Lil' Malik
We want that Powerball money, Easter bunnies, Wool-light money
Hey dunny, we rock a half of mill and look bummy
And bounce to the projects, pop Becks, cop Tec's
Top wrecks, execs got next, what the heck
I'm fed, you'se dead, that's said, no more wet
The cameras is rollin', bitch, quiet on the set


You can never front on, jump or you get lumped on
Burners in your face, don't you get nervous on me
We got so many gats, and them big Mac's
Somebody get the boy, I get the wildin' on black
Tell 'em, we will, we will, rock you, pop you
We will, we still, got you, got you


Aiyo aiyo, it ain't a game (nah)
This kid is serious about his change (uh-huh)
Ya'll a bunch of wacko jacko's, amped off your names
Call me Sugar Ray, the way I dance on you lames
My right hand'll sting you and ding you, leave stamps on your brain
I got, out of state of niggas that'll kill for beers
Cuz you, easy to pop like balloons filled with air
I dare ya'll faggot asses, punch niggas with glasses
Back in my third grade classes, squeezin' asses
My niggas is never over, understand
I'm a 2Pac fan, this is the realest shit I ever wrote
Butter soft, lead the coke, matchin' my kicks
So make sure, you get my sneakers when you snappin' that flick
And I advise you, to carry that Bible for survival
Surprise you, return like Jesus, without the costume
Come on young'n, you dumbin'
I've been doin' this shit since King Culling, cookin' grams in the oven





(feat. Trife)


Uh huh, ready bags, ready bags
This is that motherfuckin' nigga
Yeah, uh, bulletproof muthafuckin' gooses outdoors
For all the streets, all the dusts in the streets
Crusty projects and all that, the radiators is bulletproof
Yo, yo, come on, ah yo yo


What up cousin, this is most high wizardry
Gots to watch niggas, so I stay on my grizzly (uh)
These young boys comin' at me (yeah)
Lookin' at these faggots, like yeah, you get amped off of Pepsi
Damn, what kind of cards you delt
Does your elevator go up? (Nope) You ain't rap too tight
Right, you can tell me, G-H to O-S-T
Two hundred Bees'll get you killed by coke head Skeet
This is murder, you can get it, if my fam don't eat
And, we slam niggas, like we Lil' Malik
We want that Powerball money, Easter bunnies, Wool-light money
Hey dunny, we rock a half of mill and look bummy
And bounce to the projects, pop Becks, cop Tec's
Top wrecks, execs got next, what the heck
Arm fed, you'se dead, that's said, no more wet
The cameras is rollin', bitch, quiet on the set


You can never front on, jump or you get lumped on
Burners in your face, don't you get nervous on me
We got so many gats, and them big Mac's
Somebody get the boy, I get the wilin' on black
Tell 'em, we will, we will, rock you, pop you
We will, we still, got you, got you


Aiyo aiyo, it ain't a game
This kid is serious about his change
Ya'll a bunch of wacko jacko's, amped off your names
Call me Sugar Ray, the way I dance on you lames
My right hand'll sting you and ding you, leave stamps on your brain
I got, out of state of niggas that'll kill for beers
Cut you, easy to pop like balloons filled with air
I dare ya'll faggot asses, punch niggas with glasses
Back in my third grade classes, squeezin' asses
My niggas is never over, understand
I'm a 2Pac, this is the realest shit I ever wrote
But it's soft, lead the coke, matchin' my kicks
So make sure, you get my sneakers when you snappin' that flick
And I advise you to carry that Bible for survival
Surprise you, return like Jesus, without the costume
Come on young'n, you dumbin'
I've been doin' this shit since King Culing, cookin' grams in the oven






Niggas talk, tryna 187 me
Lying where they stand, lil man that's perjury
No red on the bottom, not a speck of burgundy
I don't pay no hitmen, I do my dirt personally
Mask on my face looking like I'm Halloween
Peace to Shyheim, R.I.P. Naheem
Pussy niggas get shot up, in my hood we just ridas
Best advice not to try us, stapled til we the livest
I be skiing in the game, snowboarding with the work
All blue everything, come through looking like a Smurf
When I hit you with this 40 that you did, gon' hurt
Get the flowers, get the casket, get the hearse
My name rugged, my motto is fuck it
I slaughter everybody in the house for frontin'
I got a court date, felony charges
Tell the judge I ain't coming, he can put out the warrant


I look up, you're a liar
The pretender, getting higher
You're a lover, not a fighter
Straight pretender, drinking fire


The guns are dirty, the pumps in the big park
Mask on, we champion down and it's pitch dark
Strictly business, homes, no jewellery on
Extortion, yeah we gon' take what you barely own
Down to the handkerchiefs, bank slips, whips
You got your little chick to co-sign
Now I'm gon' take the bitch
And I'ma - teach you how to master the slow neck
Boy like the suce whip it like a ?
Condos with no rent, six hundred thousand
In hefty bags with no room sitting in the vents
Yeah, I cut your motherfucking dick off
Every time I see you on the streets I'ma lick off
Aiming at your ligaments, bullshit story
You turn palaver, know that the Gods ain't legitimate
Gentlemen, this is rope talk
Therefore you getting AC on a roll call






Yo, behind those mahogany walls
Indoor pools with steel doors, flipping eggs over in my silk drawers
While I"m charging my cell, sparking the L
Baby mother reading my mail, just that they switched seats
To another jail, and his banger is old fire
He's locked up with them dudes from the fucking Wire
That's when I passed her the bone, started to cough
And flossed all through the house, robe on, ruger out
Homebuyers see the sign, yeah ya'll, I'm moving out
In front of the crib, niggas flipped, I had to shoot it out
Thirty G, living room sets, porcelain plates
With big giant wall units, even the front grass
Saw your boy doing it, Tone Stark he'll never fall
I even put work in, under the floor
In the box with the ox, and my skeleton jaw
Tell 'em soldiers I'm in the bush if the President call


Get 'em, the'll be nothing but smooth sailing
When the heat shot, now your crew's bailing
I refuse to bow down, refuse to lay down
Go five and turn, to let the biz, all I found


Where the fuck is the kids crown?
Lady luck breathing all over the dikes
With 745 airlines, the color of Cajun rice
This the passion of Christ, done seen it and felt it all
Til rats shit in my boots, like how the fuck the rats get in my boots
A brown metal that sizzles, wrap up more dead meat then riddles
Injuries that have you missing more games than Kerry Kittles
There's a war going on outside, you hear the fiddles?
And you so called 'units', go 'head and jump
And get your body severed apart with pumps


Aiyo, watch who you talk around, cuz ya'll seen niggas snitching
And they quick to turn on you like keys in the ignition
Niggas start submitting, when them slugs is spitting
And believe me, that shit'll hurt like when your drugs is missing
Yo, these bullets ain't thug resistant, and they see a nigga dying
Choking off his own blood is sickening
Picture that, now picture this, picture me running in your lab
Like Allen Iverson waving the fifth
But this ain't no domestic dispute, go 'head and get cute
Force my hand, and see if I'm connected with loot
Somebody gon' find your body on the stitching of the roof
The art of gunplay, I stay perfected when I shoot
And this ain't a lottery, but ya'll dudes can 'take seven'
The slugs'll have your ass 'burning up' like Faith Evans
Facial expressions change when you're facing that weapon
Nigga, your ass gon' die, try to escape within sessions




Yo, behind those mahogany walls
Indoor pools with steel doors, flipping eggs over in my silk drawers
While I'm charging my cell, sparking the L
Baby mother reading my mail, just that they switched seats
To another jail, and his banger is old fire
He's locked up with them dudes from the fucking Wire
That's when I passed her the bone, started to cough
And flossed all through the house, robe on, ruger out
Homebuyers see the sign, yeah ya'll, I'm moving out
In front of the crib, niggas flipped, I had to shoot it out
Thirty G, living room sets, porcelain plates
With big giant wall units, even the front grass
Saw your boy doing it, Tone Stark he'll never fall
I even put work in, under the floor
In the box with the ox, and my skeleton jaw
Tell 'em soldiers I'm in the bush if the President call


Get 'em, the'll be nothing but smooth sailing
When the heat shot, now your crew's bailing
I refuse to bow down, refuse to lay down
Go five and turn, to let the biz, all I found


Man I thought we told ya'll niggas before, Wu-Tang is for the children
P.O.'s violate your dirty urine
These dealers in the lobby of my building, ice grilling
I don't catch cold to catch feelings
I put in that work, then catch millions
If that don't work, back to stealing
Snatch me a purse, and stack reel in
Meth, I'm that dealing, millionaire, slash chameleon
I mastered the juks, one of my niggas masta, killing
Spray shots, clap civilians at the dinner table
All for the love of crack dealing
Once again the fatal, blind guillotine, for nickels
Paper rob me able, my woman is all prenatal
I got mouths to feed, nigga, and I'm the hand that rocks the cradle
Just like Hova, but I ain't trying to 'roc' the label
I'm a soldier, I stay on job, Lee Iacocca
Honey's wanna fuck and the industry fucks 'em over




I got my Ghostface on, cuz I'm a Killah
I live the Streetlife, why, I'm that nigga
Label me a beast, call me U-Godzilla
When I rumble in the jungle, I go gorilla
Step on the set, Inspectah Deck you
Dead in your face, straight RZArect you
You highly mistaken, I'm hotter than Satan
Catch me in the kitchen with blood on Chef apron
I'm known to, Cap a Don, big gun in my palm
I'm like my arm is gone, plus I Masta the Kill
Give you something, you can really feel
Got many Methods to kill a Man, if it's real, you real
The world's worse like Dirt McGirt
Fuck a bitch raw dog, then dig in her purse
Yeah that boy's a Genius, I stay fresh like I'm straight out the cleaners
I walk hard like a criminal, holding my penis






Beautiful Mixtape


Don't get the flow mixed up, this is uncut raw
You can cook it in your spoon, that's what your lighter is for
And the aroma are set to move the right tone up
And your girl, I really wanna ice tone her
Don't get mad if she like rappers
I'm be an MC who like Bergundy, and ?he man perty?
Look young in his face, and he over thirty
Giving out Hancocks, like my name was Herbie
Survived from a fucked up past, set my bed where the springs was out
Now they ask what my rings about
This is Ghost, God type man only, stay true
You disagree, well then fuck you
I don't gotta say jack to you
I got alot of metal that rat for you
And if I point it your way, he gon clap for you
Body something mad terrible, you know how them ratchets do
Extra caskets and church classics, blowing an ill dust joint
At your wake as I drive past it, now that's murder
2004 blood further dick, you ain't that big cus you ain't never heard of
Or brought up in any convo, Benny Blanco your style will get your face picked off
And your nose ripped off, you fake niggas don't understand
This is Theodore, we gon blow like a hundred fans


New York will test you, try to get you, don't be scared about it
It'll caress you and molest you, but don't be weird about it
Don't wear your heart on your sleeve and dare to come here without it
You bout it, then let it flow out like tears of fear shouted
Ain't no kick the can, Chutes and Ladders or Candyland
Mothers survive their sons, trying to be a family man
Out to there like hand to hand, walkers, bikers and camel stands
In order to tell a ma'am from man here, you need a mammogram
Patrol, substance for nothing to blame the manners on
Up at the crack of dawn, heard the word and your path is on
Still working for nothing, abandon your dreams
Now they tattered, torn to pieces, scattered on the ground that we walking on
Same ground around the dead body police draw chalk upon
Your name familiar on the radio police are talking on
Do what you gotta do to eat, and keep the heat from off the arms
Sometimes you gotta compromise what you was brought up on
The most exciting lyrics Kweli and Ghost is writing
Psychosis leading to excessive and hopeless biting
There's no denying your ho is eying, the flow is iron
The Vitamin C you see
By the color of the pee
The muthafucking, most gutter MC
Dropped out of school at eighteen
With a dream and started running the streets
Keep the receipts, don't need your college degree
Because my lyrics earn me honorary PHDs, yeah


People ask my why I keep it so hood
And I simply reply, it feels so good
We hit your ears in ways you ain't know the flow could
And make your momma say boy, you up to no good




Yo yo yo whassup where my team where my team at?
C'mere y'all c'mere c'mere, circle around me y'all circle around me
Yo Timbo check it you bring the motherfuckin rock up
Sin Dreddy y'all niggas is forwards
Shyheim, I want you on guard
Tekitha baby girl yo check it you play center
Let's rip these niggas asses, c'mon kid
Word up, run


Hole... hole... oh oh ohhhh


We be a team, cause everybody plays a part in this
Ain't no chuckin, we comin from the parks where the gun sparks
After dark, you got your three point shooters
Scrubs who quick to fire out cause your style is out
We drinkin quarts on courts so how you handle it
Shootin bricks or sellin bricks, we still scramblin
With offense and defense, I use the bassline
To score points frequent

Yo, yo
Yo check the mic so I can slam without a crossover
Wack jump shot punk rock players get tossed over
By the bleachers, I'm bringin pressure like a power foward
You try to walk and get away with it the ref saw it
Your startin five couldn't get verbal live
I penetrate across the lane, all reasons mines
Percentage from the field is real, we hard boilin
Swish shot in your face, your coach is callin
For a timeout, I bomb your rhyme out, with a free throw
Fast break through the legs crush your rookie ego
You steppin out of bounds son, now how that sound Dunn
I thought we was playin ball, don't start at round one


Time the fuck out!
I got a illegal defense on the wack MC
Number four, you can't be doin that shit
Hold on God, peace God, hold on, hold on
(Killa Sin: Oh shit I'm snuffin you!)


Soul... in the hole...
Soul... in the hole...


I know niggas liver than Allen Iverson
Take it to the hole and roll it in, triple-double in
Suicide drills get your cavs built
Crossovers ill, have you thinkin water spilt
With the 2-3 zone we smoke em, like bones
And with the W-I-N, we, punchy at home
Sore losers take off they jersey, cause they ain't James Worthy
Your bitch mad cause they ain't get they hands dirty
Lame, better not open up that Gatorade
Until you game sport, hit the gym and train
Do some jumping jacks and situps, then maybe you can get up
But as for now the scoreboard gets lit up
Take you down the middle, and throw it all day
We number one draft pick W-S-A
Nigga, you can't stop my J
How I do it everyday


Yo, we throwin 52 blocks at outside shots to bubble up the snot box
No penalties or shot blocks, it's similar to Comstock kid
You catch an elbow in this hell Hole of concrete
Add a touch of Soul before we compete
You better have your Vietnam fleet my squad deep like Ethiopians
Peep me in the open and I'm closin in
Focus on the broken rim now, we shake a bone out your stand
Toss a backpass, with enough force that it'd crack glass
We celebratin at last for stoppin you
So take your sorry black ass, back to the lockerroom, yo
My team work to make your team hurt, we pullin up skirts
So back down, before these Wu niggas tear the fuckin shot down
What what what? No doubt, no doubt
We got the all-star lineup here
Y'all niggas better sign up for my team kid, for real


Soul... in the hole...
Soul... in the hole...
Soul... in the hole...
So-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ul... in the ho-oh-le-le-le-le, Soul



 Two thousand and two!
 Lookin like a tennis player
 Representin the Wu!
 You gangsta nigga?
 Two thousand and two!
 You? You isn't!
 Representin the motherfuckin Wu!
 Stand for it right now


Two thousand and two! .. You know how we do!
For you and your crew! Representin the motherfuckin Wu!


Aiyyo catch me coolin in Aruba, one sneaker on
Lookin raw beautiful, a blue Ruger, who you lookin at?
600 whale, steel color, Brazil love us
Y'all niggas is fake - all y'all do is steal from us
Remember this line, I'm that nigga word to my mother
Slap one of y'all fake ass niggas
Reefer from Egypt daddy we rock magnums
All big niggas heavy on the wrist play diss niggas
Ghost story blow 'em, RZA throw the fork through 'em
Me, Wonder Woman cousin, jewelried out, talk to him
Hammers that bust endlessness, cover terrorism what?
Slide in the 7, measure the whips

 + (Flavor Flav)
It's soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin Wu!)


I'm a dollar and a dream from seein a brick
In grimy hallways, slingin nicks and treys
When it's on then it's on and poppin, shots lickin
I'm spittin this shit for the hood, Glock clickin
Tension in the street, we stressed, still wanna eat
I walk through the valley of death, the hotstepper
Holdin red pepper, everybody on reach
I need a beat to expand, the mind guide the hand
Pen stroke, excellent quotes of literature
Nights over Egypt, black as Arabia
Gundeliro self I savior, I need the (uh)

 + (Flavor Flav)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin Wu!)


Aiyyo, aiyyo
Aiyyo I got the whip smellin like lemon
Roger Clemens jerseys the man blew seven cold coolies in the Worthy and
I crush those rappers, keep the toast near the rad-iator
We like our guns warm, it's easier to make the papers
Stayed off, the cape came off, Ghost G'd off
The track's like doin six months and I'mma beat off
At the airport attention always flow in my direction like
You let the best then sparkle his perfection and
Bitches be askin them, Ghost you got so much shit
You need to cash in, bracelets matchin 'em


Yo, yo
Line Cadillacs to blocks, Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx
Jukebox records, flatfooted cops
Get automatic systematic jumpin in your socks
Mama's apple pie in the park hopscotch
Reunited on the radio, Wu-Tang superb
In the sprinklers girls double-dutchin on the curb
Sinatra, the pop the Jackson 5 recordings
Uptown Saturday, "Cotton Came to Harlem"
Ringmaster circus was, Bailey and Barnum
Crack a Coca-Cola, summer heat was my boredom
Dr. J before Jordan, Al Green on the organ
When Rerun did the dance, the whole world saw him
The blackout fears, Foxxy Brown, Pam Grier
Ford motor gear, your life and times queer
"Smokey the Bear", Burt Reynolds gray hair
Throw 'em some gems, throw up your fists and say yeah, it's




I'm the nigga that got you talkin bout "Fight the Power"..


Aiyyo Flav
(Whassup Meth?)
What you know about niggas from Long Island right?
(Huh?)
True Long Island right?
(All my life!)
All your life right?
(All my life!)
Westbury
(Word up, Freeport, Long Island, Roosevelt, Long Island!
And and an-an-and went through Westbury too!
You from Westbury?)
Nah I got family in Westbury, New Castle Park and them
(Oh stop jokin, I ain't know that !You from Hempstead? Yo man, my family from Hempstead! The Heights man!)
Yeah, and I live..
(Word up, come on man)
'race Avenue
(Oh, what?)
'race Avenue, Hundred Terrace Avenue
(Stop jokin, the El Dorados, nigga what?
I got family up in El Dorados right now nigga word!
That's where I'm from, that's my block!
That's MY BLOCK RIGHT THERE! Aiyyo! {*laughing*}
That's right y'all, that's right, it's all good
Me and Method Man from the motherfuckin hood!
So get it from the Bricks to the fuckin wood!)
YEAH NIGGAZ!
(KnowhatImean? Word up to the bird up
They caught the bird, made him soup, now I sip from out my cup
Nigga! {*all laughing*}
Oh yo man you just hit me in the head with a brick for real
You got me bleedin from the side of the head Meth)
{*mumbling*} .. you're a beautiful fuckin person
(Yo Meth.. yo Meth..)


Yo check one two
Without me havin my finger in the plug
I'm gettin shocked anyway, hahaha!

"Since you're all so skilled
Let's fight your way - Shaolin style. Come on!"




Yo, cleanse me, clean me of my sour soul, I'm vicious
My mind races from the satellite dishes
No technology, this world's corrupt
They can't feed me food for thought, I won't budge
I'm a twisted individual, they say critical
I say "Nigga I'm on top of my pinnacle"
Chest boards and swords, alphabetical darts
My clan is Braveheart, y'all move like Paul Blarts
Sloppy, go 'head and try and stop me if you can
Your casualties of war will get left in the sand
I'm Iron Man, a stone faced killer with a mask
Don't want the truth then don't ask, you couldn't handle a task
Rigorous, my war face is one that God gave me
Evil cause I looked all bugged out and crazy
Dusted, embalming fluid dripping from my nose hole
Stapleton nigga, never catch me wearing rose gold


Fuck the CIA, DEA and the feds
They got you bugged son, microchip in your meds
Wax like dreads, smoking rags on the list like Craig
Steroids in chickens, why they feeding us eggs?
How did the ditch nigga snitch nigga, I won't switch nigga
Zen position with my finger on the trigger
Pure alkaline, that fluoride will fuck you up
I seen a spaceship fly out the back of a truck
Diamond water, I've been splashed with the fountain of youth
Had a molar fall out, I grew in a gold tooth
Bullet proof,  my clans sword is surgical steel
I don't feel, I'm comfortably numb, Stapleton slum
Insomniac, I'm charged off the rays of the sun
You can't fuck with me nigga, this is one-on-one
With the strength of ten midgets I'ma murder you son


This real
Yeah, I got my swagger back and all that
That's right




Can't stop spacing, oh no
Can't stop spacing, on a daydream
Can't stop spacing, and when I'm on the cloud
My feet square on the ground
My head up in the clouds, looking down, out of this town
You know I gotta try
My fuckin' brain's on fire
Just gotta toke again, after that
Can't stop spacing out, oh no
Can't stop spacing, on a daydream


Yeah nigga, shoot 'em all, throw 'em right now
Starin' at ya sweatin' my wallys
My mind got vivid thoughts of what I'm supposed to be doin'
Got the blue and the cream, me and Rah blowin' steam
Sittin' with Tarrentin', nigga stackin' the green
Roll rockin', fan fuckin'
Snatchin' up mics at award shows, rollin' up O's
Wu clothes, my flows are so detrimental
Space cadet keep a cassette of instrumentals
Sling slang the track like 'dick the hoes'
Super intelligent, verbally diminish the pros
A visionary, my mind's like a rhyme war-zone
You can't postpone the inevitable, king of the thrones
Ghostface


Looking down, out of this town
You know I gotta try
My fuckin' brain's on fire
Just gotta toke again, after that
Can't stop spacing out, oh no
Can't stop spacing, on a daydream
Can't stop spacing
Can't stop spacing, on a daydream
Can't stop spacing out, oh no
Can't stop spacing
Can't stop spacing, on a daydream



(Verse 1)
Yo, this for my niggas, though, special delivery
Spit like this, get my wrists all glittery
Get cake, snakes get slithery
Lean in, show y'all the meaning of chivalry
Rap ruler, you could ask Buddha
Right jab like Zab Zuda
Every member on my team is the shooter
Tight like a womb, no room for intruders
Spark Buddha, twistin' the Philly
And Good Humor, don't be silly
It's gravy baby, I got it all smothered
Like makeup, I got it all covered
Want a jewel, don't be cruel
It's authentic, don't be fooled
By these phony accusations
Backlash and slanders
Front, and they put pits in ya
Stunts and propaganda
Keep it private, 'cause I'm the commander
In chief, I never stop like beef
Gimme a break, I might shake the building place
Say vacate all women and children
I spit it out

(Chorus (repeat 2x))
Special delivery
I want that
Special delivery
I need
Special delivery
Can I have that
Special delivery
Come give it to me

(Verse 2)
If you ain't ready, I'ma bust through ya curtain
Encore, you're not sure, I'm certain
Wait, make sure the mic workin'
Make cake, sorta like Earth Wind
And Fire, the rap vampire
Retire in the morn'
Warm like campfires
Matter of fact, I'm blazin'
Raisin' the roof up
Slide off with ya rooster
Took her to the stu and seduced her
Let her do a skit, then she hit my producer (Oh)
Not whatcha used to, I'm looser
Ya need to stop fuckin' with them losers, now who's up
The mystic ruler, grand imperial
Filthy, but milky like cereal
Bang this in ya stereo
MC's is dead and I'ma get head up at they burial
And that's disrespectful
I'm strong like Exo mixed with X, yo
And that's the high capability
And yes, I possess that ability
I spit it out

(Chorus (repeat 2x))

(Verse 3)
Yeah, ayo, Dep so bright, light looking halogen
Spit that bar, car low mileagin'
Let's go, metropolitan
Area, cuz I'm hearin' ya hollerin'
The earthquaker, Harlem bread maker
Gimme two hands, few grams and the shaker
Hit the block, watch the kids bake up
Your girl keep coming around
Then I'ma take her to Jamaica
And I give her a reason to get curious
But ya pain, it ain't that serious
MC's ran with this and that
But change your name to Saran 'cause it's a Wrap
Your rap is like a sedative
You sleepy, defeat me, negative
So it's over and I guess you gotta live with it
And you can tell by the records that's distributed
I spit it out

(Chorus (repeat 4x to fade))




Fuck the whole industry!!!!
You tried to get rid of me!!! Y'all must be kiddin me!!
Y'all must be kiddin me!!! Aiyyo fuck the whole industry!!!
Come on!!! Staten Island! Come on! Hold me down!!!


Monster cut truck balley shit
Champagne spillin while we hittin every bump that my Denali hit
Outfit is four thousand and better
The rhinestones in my flintstones look crazy in my sweater
Pah, it's not a big fairy tale that's my M.O
Fuck bitches on the reg' with no problemo
Iceberg, rabbits, in the Foxhills Mall
Where I coped two more, brought four for RZA
Bad Boy thank you for this special delivery
Catch me by the pool in my Tony Starks slippers
Wonder Woman armed, Ghost is intelligent
Made 30 off of dust dime I was killin 'em
Did cash on One-Sixteen I was feelin 'em
Them days kept a crisp coke dollar bill on 'em
I lived it out -- special delivery
I spit it out -- special delivery
I sniffed it out -- special delivery


(I want that) Special delivery!!!
(I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) Come on, special delivery!!!
(Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!, special delivery!!!
(I want that) We won't stop!!!, special delivery!!!
(I need that) Yeah! G. Dep! Child of the Ghetto!!!
(Can I have that?) As we proceed! AHHH!!
(Well give it to me)


Aiyyo! Aiyyo!
Signed, sealed, delivered in just the nick of time
Rare, I'm a give it to 'em my design is rhyme in the ghettoist form
Show power the child of the ghetto is born
Uh, feet first, preach give a speech I kick ya each verse
Groove let the shit just spit now it's dirt
Death pressin ya and ya like a hustler on the first ya need work
Stand by the grand high exhaulted
At your door with a portrait of the raw shit
Picture that while I spit anthrax
On your cd, tape, and wax so stand back
You don't really wanna jump the gun
In the airless flow with punctured lungs
Go 'head and stand there and bump ya gums
If ya wan't the problem we can hurry up and come bury ya
I'mma play the courier


Special delivery!!!
(I want that) Yeah come on, special delivery!!!
(I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) Ha-ha ha-ha, special delivery!!!
(Well give it to me) Come on come on!!! Special delivery!!!
(I want that) Yeah yeah!!! Special delivery!!!
(I need that) What what!!! Special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) Ladies and gentlemen, Keith Murray, ahh!!
(Well give it to me)


Yo! This for my niggas dem special delivery
Bang ya head off to this, fuckin up your memory
I'll shake your cradle and rock your boat
Buck 50 your face and then butter your throat
It don't matter where you been or where you at
I'm here now and I'm bangin, kid you softer than the Queen of England
Phraseologist natural philosopher wordsmith
Authentical metaphorical lyricist
Sharp descriptive writer, kill a biter
Panty raider, party exciter
Yo Murray what the deal - how ya feel?
Yeah I'm gutter what I utter got you timid hesitatin like a stutter
Oxymoron, don't be dumb
I school niggas like the United Negro College Fund
I see you plottin schemin tryin to snake
And when you do I'm a give it to you special delivery


(I want that) Special delivery!!!
(I need that) This is the remix!!! Special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) Get wit me now come on special delivery!!!!
(Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!! Special delivery!!!

Ay yo hold up a second......this is the remix
So let's bring back my man, Craig Mack


Aiyyo you must wanna be in the Guinness Book of World Records
As the dumbest motherfucker alive
Figure you gon' survive
You couldn't move through my terrain, even in 4-wheel drive
And I'm your highness, finest
You hungry? Try this, buy this, livest
Uh huh, I take my rap style real serious
What you think it ain't...that serious?
I bang clubs and streets it's gettin hot
See Mack won't stop until Mack's on top
Young black america my CD drop
In two thousand and two, to change hip-hop
Most folks shake ya bones
I'm talkin cyclones and "Terrordomes" like Mel Gib-son's
My heat will cook you bwoyy, whooped you bwoyy!
Mack came an shook you bwoyy, somma'bitches


Somma'bitches!!!


(I want that) Take that!!! Come on!!! Special delivery!!!
(I need that) Special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) This is the remix!!!! Special delivery!!!
(Well give it to me) G. Dep!!!! Special delivery!!!
(I want that) Come on now!!! Special delivery!!!
(I need that) Child of the ghetto!!! Special delivery!!!
(Can I have that?) 1-1-5, Harlem's Finest!!! Special delivery!!!
(Well give it to me) Yeah, special delivery!!!
(I want that) Alumni baby! Special delivery!
(I need that) B-R, special delivery!
(Can I have that?) Ghostface, special delivery, Keith Murray!
(Well give it to me) Craig Mack, special delivery!
(I want that) I'm that boy they call Diddy, Bad Boy baby
(I need that) Yeah! Special delivery!
(Can I have that?) Special delivery
(Well give it to me) Special delivery...




Uh, spray paint and ink pens
I use to write in every color I think in
To paint a picture with every rhyme that I speak in
Yeah, the gallery is the beat then I... I... I... I
Yes, ladies and gentlemen
We have a special guest for you this evening
Ghost, you ready


Yo, I verbally paint pictures, I'm the hood's best storyteller
This about a young boy dealin' with the older fellas
Promised him the lives he seen on TV
He ran packs across town like rhyme CD's
And big chains, new clothes, Nikes and Reeboks
Stackin' too much loot to squeeze in a shoe box
Savin' he promised his Mom a crib in Atlanta
And his pops got killed through debt, he was a dealer
So he staged jazz, fox jump off the suit cases
No more cross-town, now he's crossin' them states and
Seeing new faces, not knowing who to trust
So when the door kicked open they scream, this is a bust
Is it a set up, it seems funny, a scuffle broke out
He got hit, dropped the cases spittin' blood out of his mouth
He walked four blocks to die trying to survive
And now all that's left is his mom screamin', God why




Yeah, yeah, let me begin by sayin', shut the fuck up
Let my begin by saying I don't think this man knew what he had in store
He opened the door and found the bag under the floor
Not a peep while he's workin' the lock, get the flame, aim, pop
Open the box and take off out the back of the pawn shop
Scoping the lot, hoping the cops hadn't seen the plates on his car
He felt like he been hustling so hard like a demon he pumped a cold heart
Play it cool like Humphrey Bogart, put the rings on his chain attached by both parts
He did the drop, one ring in a bag, envelope, all the money he had
Left the money and the ring in a slow exhale
Two weeks went by, got a box in the mail
In the box was a bullet made of gold
Melted down from the ring, recast with two rings and a band
And he stared at it sitting in the palm of his hand
And sat down next to a picture that sat on the nightstand
It was his wife in the picture on his side
With the ring on the finger on the week that she died
As he looked in the reflection, at those eyes so red
He put the bullet in a gun and put it right in his head like that




Fiasco!
He know he didn't have enough power in his thrusters to muster Warp five
Plus if he pushed it
The fuel cells could rupture then they would die
Then the galaxy would suffer but he knew he had to try
But he couldn't risk it, put the cure in the escape pod and kissed it
And told her goodbye, she started to cry, but he knew if he could distract 'em
He could buy her some time and she could make it out alive
Turn the suit around and got prepared for the stand off
Space mine had blew one of the hands off
Damaged laser cannons and he got the system jammed
And he faced the whole fleet, blood seeping through his teeth
The final saga in the seven planet wars
Unsheethed the sword and then he charged forward
His eyes flashed behind the cracked cockpit glass
He let out a laugh and then all she heard was a blast like



Yeah, ladies and gentlemen
This has been a Fort Minor production
Ghostface! Fiasco!
Uh, spraypaint and ink pens

It's an expression coming out of a simple can of paint
Look, it's the easiest way for the average kid to paint things using himself as the meaning of it
You gonna get into the gallery there soon, man
Why? I'm not gonna be famous one day
Why do you always say that?
Cause it's true



Be friends wit'cha gram!

I want everyone to stand up and be counted tonight

Hey you, blow your whistle
Now clap ya hands and say yeah! (yeah)

Tune my voice out, tune my mic out
Tune my voice out, tune my mic out
Yo, this is how we rock
This is how we rock
This is how we rock, rock

Hey you, blow your whistle

Yeah, we in the joint yo
We in the joint
Hey yo, hey, yeah, scream

Hey now, I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
(Ah shit!)
I want everyone to stand up and be counted tonight
(Stand up, yeah)
Brothers and sisters, if you know you've got your thing together
(Put your motherfuckin' hand in the air)
I want you to stand on up!
Now I got something to tell ya
(Swing it from left to right)
I'll tell you, now that I think about it
(Yeah)
And now I wanna tell ya how to get your thing together
(Play with this, you can't play with this)
Come on now, get a groove going
(Uh)

Yeah

Hey you, blow your whistle

Yo, yo, yo
Yo tony, what up?
Heard your dick was good

You should know, yo I fucked you on the side of my hood

Never that dog
From where you can never hit it
Throw a razor in my mouth on the low
And suck ya dick wit' it

The world famous, priceless, still stainless dick
Pray over this, scoped ya love, nameless
Heavyweight dick in ya jaw
Good lickin' fom ya lips, now baby girl throw the song

Yo, yo, yo
Aye yo Tony, you phoney
We both signed to Sony
But for half ya pub, ride that dick like a Pony, what

Yeah, what, put your money on my dick
Girls, all eyes on my dick

Yo, yo, yo
Cats fatigued out, thinkin' they armies
My crew arms me with beats, how we swarm bee?
Who bang?, be'More and Wu Tang, new thang
Mad at how we do thangs, RZA cop me two fangs
Official, now I bite through gristle
Gold teeth style in from Philly to Stanton Island
While in the meantime, spit mean lines
Fuck clean rhymes, like mine's grimmy
Like my niggas be
Picture me, coming off soft
Y'all just cough up shit, I swallow rhymes
Makin' bitches swallow 9's, re-define
This rap shit, make my shit a classic
Like Bethoven, stay posin'
For the camera, stamina
Like a crackhead, and crackheads are amateurs
You try me, no in-between like why to Z
Pick brains like labotomies
Still thoughts to charts of Billboard's
Throw pour ill spores, leave niggsa stiff like still-born's

I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
(What, what, what)
I want everybody to stand up and be counted tonight
(Stand up baby, stand up baby)
Brothers and sisters, if you know you've got your thing together
I want you to stand on up!
(Stand up yo)
Now I got something to tell ya
I'll tell you, now that I think about it
(Yeah, what, what, what)
And now I wanna tell ya how to get your thing together

I'm like Spider-Man's fifth brother up in the Clan
Drop like crap's that's scattered all up in ya van
Skelly-man crook, character star
In Donna Boines book
MG--M, Heaven and Hell, sat with the cook
With the big spice bone, red hair's is killin' me
Knotted up, twisted and green
Seen them crystal's in that rap yo
And get Barear
Bear hug and five hundred ounce of that Staision
Wild man, Sarah
Rush after hours, Alpha in the beds
Caked hands like Dai Smith, rap haggler with a fade
Magillia, Charli Baltimore with Hazel driftin' withdrawels
Wind Face start with the Killah
Stood still, a whole river chill
Looked up and got dogged, that's when RZA started to build

Hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
Hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up

Hey you, blow your whistle

What, what, what, what!

Aye yo, you craze me, turtleneck nigga rockin' Pasley
Shots crazily, steady blazin' where the spaids be
Teams like Starsky and Hutch, you put deluxe truck
Ya bankrupt, 52's Knox, I heard you Ku Klux, damn
Tear it out the van, sweat it with a tan
With get like Remo spray can, suga the ram
Fuck a cocktail, get my balls licked in Hell
Read his Igloo Tales, hell all the dogs with broken tails
Salt range, short order tab
Ironman, bubble bath, nuclear, split the atom in half
Meet dime O's, fifth brother bug inside 8 pole
Change though, crush the birds inside the strip pose

Rap Conspiracy, hold songs for ransom
Lancin' in Ghostmode, coke mixed with Branson
Sheisty, tree's soaked in half-ki's
Sabotage N.Y. with snipe's and 79's
Channel 9's scene street team made news with who's
Charli, every 16 bars be
Sickening, peep the scription
Rhyme vixen
Keep the clips in tact, watch ya back
Ain't done yet, 8-Spunett
Poison webbers
Spider-Woman, two legged, how we did it
What!

Come on and get a groove goin'!

Hey you, blow your whistle
Hey you, blow your whistle

Now clap your hands and say yeah

Yeah

Now let me count it off
1 2 3

Hey
Hey, hey, hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up




Be friends wit'cha gram!

I want everyone to stand up and be counted tonight

Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)
Now clap ya hands and say yeah! (yeah)


Tune my voice up, tune my mic up
Tune my voice up, tune my mic up
Yo, this is how we rock
This is how we rock
This is how we rock, rock

Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)


Yeah, we in the joint yo
We in the joint
Hey yo, hey, yeah, scream

Hey now, I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
(Ah shit!)
I want everyone to stand up and be counted tonight
(Stand up, yeah)
Brothers and sisters, if you know you've got your thing together
(Put your muthafuckin' hand in the air)
I want you to stand on up!
Now I got something to tell ya
(Swing it from left to right)
I'll tell you, now that I think about it
(Yeah)
And now I wanna tell ya how to get your thing together
(Play with this, you can't play with this)
Come on now, get a groove going
(Uh)

Yeah

Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)


Yo, yo, yo
Yo Tony, what up?
Heard your dick was good


You should know, yo I fucked you on the side of my hood


Never that dawg
From where you can never hit it
Throw a razor in my mouth on the low
And suck ya dick wit' it


The world famous, priceless, steel stainless dick
Pray over this, sculpture of love, name this
Heavyweight dick in ya jaw
Good lickin' from ya lips, now babygirl throw the song


Yo, yo, yo
Aye yo Tony, you phoney
We both signed to Sony
But for half ya pub, ride that dick like a Pony, what


Yeah, what, put your money on my dick
Girls, all eyes on my dick


Yo, yo, yo
Cats fatigued out, thinkin' they armies
My crew arms me with beats, how we swarm bee?
Who bang?, B'More and Wu Tang, new thang
Mad at how we do thangs, RZA copped me two fangs
Official, now I bite through gristle
Gold teeth style in from Philly to Staten Island
While in the meantime, spit mean lines
Fuck clean rhymes, like mine's grimmy
Like my niggas be
Picture me, coming off soft
Ya'll just cough up shit, I swallow rhymes
Makin' bitches swallow 9's, re-define
This rap shit, make my shit a classic
Like Beethoven, stay posin'
For the camera, stamina
Like a crackhead, and crackheads are amateurs
You try me, no in-between like Y to Z
Pick brains like labotomies
Still thoughts to charts of Billboard's
Throw pour ill spores, leave niggsa stiff like still-born's

I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
(What, what, what)
I want everybody to stand up and be counted tonight
(Stand up baby, stand up baby)
Brothers and sisters, if you know you've got your thing together
I want you to stand on up!
(Stand up yo)
Now I got something to tell ya
I'll tell you, now that I think about it
(Yeah, what, what, what)
And now I wanna tell ya how to get your thing together


I'm like Spider-Man, fifth brother up in the Clan
Drop like crack that's scattered all up in ya van
Skelly-man crook, character star
In Donald Goines book
MGM, Heaven and Hell, sat with the cook
With the big spice bone, red hairs is killin' it
Knotted up, twisted and green
See them crystals in it?
Rap Yogi Berra
Bear hug and five hundered ounce of that Staision
Wild man, Sarah
Rush after hours, Alfred in the Batcave
Hands like Dai Smith, rap Hagler with a fade
Magilla, Charli Baltimore witch hazel drip from your drawers,when faced off with the Killah
Stood still, a whole river chill
Looked up, it got dark, that's when RZA started to build

Hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up
Hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up

Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)


What, what, what, what!


Aye yo, you praise me, turtleneck nigga rockin' Paisley
Shots crazily, steady blazin' where the spades be
Teams like Starsky and Hutch, Super deluxe truck
Ya bankrupt, 52's Knox, I heard you Ku Klux, damn
Tear it out the van, sweat it with a tan
Wicked like Remo spray can, Sugar Duran
Fuck a cocktail, get my balls licked in Hell
Read his Igloo Tales, hell all the dogs with broken tails
Salt range, Salt-Water taff
Ironman, bubble bath, nucleus, split the atom in half
Meet damoes, fifth brother bug inside 8 pole
Change though, crush the birds inside shrimp rolls


Rap Conspiracy, hold songs for ransom
Lancin' in Ghostmode, coke mixed with Branson
Sheisty, tree's soaked in half-ki's
Sabotage N.Y. with snipe's and 79's
Channel 9's scene street team made news with who's
Charli, every 16 bars be
Sickening, peep the scription
Rhyme vixen
Keep the clips in tact, watch ya back
Ain't done yet, ain't spun yet
Poison web is
Spider-Woman, two legged, how we did it
What!

Come on and get a groove goin'!

Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)
Hey you, blow your whistle (whistle sound)

Now clap your hands and say yeah

Yeah....

Now let me count it off
1.. 2... 3

Hey
Hey, hey, hey yeah!
I want all you brothers and sisters to stand up




Mmm, oh, ugh, put it in
Yeah


You can put my, dick in your mouth and play with my nuts
But before I bust, babe, I think I'll cum in your butt
I got my, gun on the floor and I'm ready to fuck
Like it's nothing, it's nothing


Yo my, face is wet, got hair on my tongue
Cuz I'mma greedy nigga, absorb pussy juice like a sponge
Feel the pretty warm dick, rub it on your clit
Oh, right before I bust, I spray it on your tits
Switch you over, throw you to the side with one leg up
See the head slide in your hole, he stay up
Dick all shiny, helmet head bulging, smack it on your tooshie
When I hear the (click click) it's wet and it's gooshy
From behind, I'm a master mind, hundred fast ones
And slow it up, because I know how to fuck
Keep your pussy right there, don't move, ooh
Holla at your boy, baby, do what it do
I love fucking you, your pussy's the bomb (yeah)
Think about fucking this shit all day when I'm gone
Get up, suck that dick, spit on it, slob on that shit
More bubbles at the knob of that shit
It's my word, you'se a whore, taste good, right?
Turn around, get on all four
(You pulling my hair) Shut the fuck up
(Why you fucking me like that?) Shut the fuck up
This ain't no R&B dick, this hood
My slow jam dick is on Thursday's, if my sugar high
My dick don't get up, you know I'm the best
Just, shut your mouth up like you under arrest
I'm ready to cum (you ready to cum)
Yeah, keep it right (oh my gosh, my pussy is numb)
OK, just rub it up against your hole
Put your thumb in your mouth, and fuck me real slow
Look at me, yeah, baby, I'mma let that go
Tell me you love me (I love you, baby) Oh oh


Oh shit, don't touch me, don't touch me
I said don't touch me, chill
Let me get a cigarette (you don't smoke, nigga)
Oh yeah, I forgot (haha) I love when you fuck me like that
I'mma go put up some work at the studio, though
But when I get back, have a little nurse outfit on
With the hat to the side, so I can bend you over
In that little desk we got in the room
In your thigh highs, word up, and I'mma stop at the Adel store
And get one of them little screaming O's
So you can sit your little clit on it and just
Let it buzz off all day (yeah) Knowhatimsaying, ma?
I'mma get the nine and move




Yo... yo
Y'all respect my tour bus
We got whores with no drawers ready to do all four of us!
Wildin, bustin big bags of Ruffles
Show money, rubber band'd up in the duffle
With dirtball niggas that steal cake from stores
Boostin niggas that pop tags in the mall
True spot hoggers, used a few stockings
Niggas hand over the cash when heat's to they noggin
I sing a lil' lullaby, who gon' testify
The way a gruesome murder been televised?
Stupid! My name still ring in the streets though
Eighty-six, used to slip crack through the peephole
Biscuit like vaseline if I was a crook
In rap I'm past the cream, brand more lean
If you niggas complain of sore throats
Shove the gun in they mouth, throat got scratched
They suckin on Halls yo

Yeah, yo
Yo this verse is like leavin the gas on
Hog-tie a nigga for his bread, have the Hefty bag on
By any means, a cheddar king
Got a '98 kid's voice on smooth like Lenny Green
Word to my mother I air y'all niggas out
Bigger chromers for the one who got the bigger mouth
("Shout, shout, I'm talking to you, c'mon!")
Go 'head and try me, you know you a bird
You could be on +Gangland+ wit'cha face all blurred
Skull deaded up slumped over the curb
Just watch next time how you write your words
Leave you hangin like your last name
Or a old man's nuts that sag with no shame
Payback's a bitch; yeah I smash y'all berries
'fore they find you dead in your +Little House on the Prairie+

Yo, I can do this on crutches black with no legs
Both arms in a sling, push me on stage
Style still linger in the air like Glade
Girls my early 20's I used to run trains
Chill I got next, go behind Dirt
Sometimes I had to chill instead get neck
Rich chandelier gown all over my flesh
'Bout to throw ladies to Haiti, peace to Wyclef
Blowed y'all cream never throw dollar bills up
You know we window baggin that krillz up
Fingertips hurt puttin that work in
Move that white in bulk nigga like Jergens
New rappers need to skip town
This the East coast music, Grandpa Ghost is around
Icon tellin y'all now
Be out before dawn 'fore shit get wild~!



 + (Ghostface)
Yo Vinny Idol, what do you call under the underground?
(Twin Ghost Experience!) YEAH!


From a hood where niggas is miserable
Either gon' dead you or leave you in critical
Niggas talkin money then show me the visual
And then stand right there and get plucked like a chicken feather
Stickin up the stick-up kids, nigga I'm sick as ever
The gun is my bitch, and I bet you we stick together
Stuck like two dogs fuckin
You must be ready to die, fuckin with me like, you want somethin
Ring your bell and I have you like "Who call?"
Smack you with a bat like Pujols, bottom of the ninth
You don't wanna see me at the bottom of the pint
Rowdy, be outtie cause I'm a problem for the night
Problem for your life, leg or arm missin'
I can step it up, have your dad or your mom missin'
S.P. the Ghost and I'm trom' hittin
Arm kickin anytime I'm spittin nigga just like a bomb hittin

 + (Ghostface)
Somebody food gettin ate (gettin ate, yeah)
Somebody gettin robbed for they plate (for they plate nigga)
You know I go hard for the cake
When it come to bein hard, I'm the star of the state (nigga what)
I'm the star - somebody food gettin ate (food gettin ate, gettin ate)
Somebody gettin robbed for they plate (robbed for they plate motherfucker)
You know I go hard for the cake (it's the Twin Ghost Experience!)
When it come to bein hard, I'm the star of the state
I'm the star


Yo, yo, yo I'mma tell you how we do on the Island
Squeeze your girl ass, now what, knock your punk ass off balance
You can't come through Mickey D's, no burger no cheese
Find your head missin, do you still want the #3?
+Big Mac+, large order of 9's, no shake, we got shells
Pissin on y'all bitches like R. Kell's
And more or less staple your balls together
And light you in kerosene, melt your whole face in your sweater
You see the rubber gloves, thugs
Nervous doctors play in the E.R., still wind up pullin the plug
Cause it's a Twin Ghost Experience, flesh and spirit
We bang, even the dead listen to deadly lyrics
Make Big turn in his grave, even 'Pac can hear it
Cochran, on Dirt's death, yo they tryin to appeal it
But fuck that, all we want is the crack, the cash in bags
Come through heavy, you might get yapped; motherfucker!




A lot of niggas hoped I would die young
Pitched in the hood hard, want me to Cy Young
Real sharp words, guess I got me a fly tongue
Always get high cause I feel high-strung
I don't buy jewels, I buy haze and I buy guns
Or they "hear me now" like the dude from Verizon
Look at my eyes son, you won't see the next horizon
Kickin that typical rap, despicable rap
Or to get a hawk in your face, clip in your back
Guess who, still keep the thing in the sweatsuit
Hot blood leakin out your face is the best soup
Food in the kitchen nigga, shit in the restroom
Wreck when it's wreck time, S.P. the Ghost is five star
Orders to the death when I rep mine
King and the queen die, just like chess time
If I don't kill you now I'll catch yo' ass next time






Stay, a little longer (come here, ma, stay for a little while)
(I know you gotta go home soon, but)
I know you have to go home to him (time just flies everytime I get with you)


Yo, boo, I want you to say, fall back
Put your slippers on, have a seat, give me your leg
I got the baby oil warmed up, Dreamgirls DVD
Stagger Lee swine, could you stay mine, pretty please?
I"m begging you, girl, but time fly since 2 o'clock, boom
I turn around it's like 12 on the dot
What am I to do? Your steeze got a live nigga wanting you
Around the way girl, that's why I don't mind sporting you

[Interlude: sample (Ghostface Killah)
Someone who loves you, only half as much as I do
(He don't love you, he don't love like I love you, boo)
(He's not even close)


Aiyo, he don't really love you like I do
Kiss your feet, make love to you, like I do
Wake you up, in the night tank and surprise you
Cross my heart, swear, put my hand on the bible
I'm not a cold blooded killa, baby, I cry too
The best thing for me is when I'm laying beside you
Turn you over, open up, get up inside you
He a woman beater, no doubt, and he lies too


Stay, a little longer (please, baby, just one last time)
I know you have to go home to him (I know you got to bring it out, though)


When you leave I get aggy, I don't know how to act
The reality settle with a punch and a smack
When I know that you with him, you ain't calling me back
It be that thing down there, that got me way off track


Someone, who loves you (I'm telling you)
(His heart ain't even nowhere near it as mines be)
Only half as much as I do (come on, trust me on this)


If it's like that, fuck that nigga, he a clown
He don't know what he got, let that bastard suffer
I sent you roses, Donna Karen bags from Paris
He can't match my one, son, he'll be embarrased


Stay, a little longer (all I wanna do is take you out tonight)
(Go to clubs thats popping)
I know you have to go home to him (come on, let's go get our one-two
On, come on)


Aiyo, baby, don't leave, cuz the club is popping
We got grandma yay, plus the tunes is knocking
On the dance floor, I'm sweating my ass off
Imagining us in deep lust, how you look with your pants off
My one-two step, your dress is so spun
And your neck smell good, look cute when you chewing your gum and
From the womb to the tomb, you're blessed with a killa walk
You don't have to give me none, it's ight, we'll talk


Someone who loves you
Only half as much as I do




Oh yeah, motherfucker
It's real
Y'all niggas hold your guns
Throw your guns down, put 'em down

Yo, we in the fields with heat
You fake niggas eat kid meals to me
We street referees, we rock
Jean jackets, thick shirts over turtlenecks
Certified doctors in hoods that still oil techs
But wait, roll cameras, Babyface money blowin like Beech Nut
Call off the mutts, it's me again
Ghost, your host this evenin
(Ladies and gents I'd like to thank you all for comin out tonight)
Tux tight, all sharp, light up a bark, let's mingle
Fetch me a Remy Martin on Diamonds
Flare-leg Gucci joints, I never wore
I might give 'em to my brother-in-law
Fitzpatrick, rich bastard, worth more than Egyptian marrows
Borrow the God jewels, Gucci goggles
That's how the God do, Motown twenty-five
My orals like Smokey's voice, little moist, but choice
We guzzle Dom's, smoke with scratchy throats
Live on the edge, bracelets, shades and classy coats
Jumbo in the club, we play Columbo
Frosty the Snowman, frozen as the milky way
Ice on the floor, El-Producto in the sleeve
In the seam of his mink, he said he don't drink
Think before he talked, he walked like he ordered
Champ room down in Vegas, vendin machines
I sip Alize' compliments of E&J


The streets is rough out here
Crack game came and had us years
What is a man to do? (Brother)
(Stay true, stay true)




Stay dip, cute bitch out in Delaware, moving our bricks
So hard, stupid big stones from Miss Stella ear
She just turn 35, we in the spot on Martin Luther King Drive
Whole team getting high, on phones
We learned different codes of pig Latin
So the jakes dont follow our trail with sick patterns
And the crib is jig, Jennifer convertible love seat
Thats worth forty Gs from Madrid
In Spain, sipping cherry Cosmos and things
Stella, finish the glass, showing niggas her rings
I said bitch, I aint impressed with that
Why the fuck is every briefcase short by at least ten stacks
We had a mil' in each bag, theres eighty grand missing
You pop up with a new Jag', with a bad system
I done sent your ass to Hawaii and Waikiki
When your man needed bail, youll come see me
Rob me? Thats how we do? You pretty slick muthafucka
You must think Im a sucker
Matter fact, you gon' suck this dick, how bout that for a change
Let me see whats really on your brain
She said Starkey, you violating me, stop it'
I saved up for this shit, you playing me like a hostage
Out of all people, I wheeled you around, when you got shot
Be the closest one too you, and may I rot
In hell, yo Starks, chill, I dont think she that stupid
Since '90, '95, she came through, kid
Two million in six weeks, cover six space
Just to think of those towns alone, we brought a big steak


But it still dont change the job
Aiyo, Tone, who this silly bitch trynna rob
Niggas been getting money, since pushing a Saeb
In the spot writing rhymes, never heard of a blog
Is it that coincidental? That the same rental
Be out in Virginia and DC, before she come see me
Im ready, put this hammer in her face in 3D
I know thats your home girl, but fuck it, on GP
And I dont like her brother, either, he probably put her up to it
Give me the word and I go empty his fluid
Shady? I been bagging up since 1980
Me and Ghost been tight, since Fred met Grady, lady
So what you telling me? My account is off?
Oh you must really motherfucking think we that damn soft


Hold on, yo, Sheek, what you gon' do? Cut her whole hand off?
Put a pillow over her face, and let the four bang off?
Or we can get the gat taping so the ho cant talk
Before we get the whole story cut this whole thing short
I dont think thats wise at all, whatever honey do with her money, dog
Thats not my problem, why is it yours?
Wu-Block, you riding for mine, Im riding for yours
Thats the motto if you talking bout homicide, my lord
Its survival, homey, you aint never lied, my lord
But the Pretty Toney baby aint never lied before
Thats a hundred lucci, word to Bully, I smoke too many loosies
I know her history, if something fishy, must be the coochie
It aint no mystery, your finger itchy, if she a groupie
Once you go up, once you go down, lets keep it Gucci
You take her head, I take all the jewelry from all these moolies
Get all your goonies, and we can meet up for Call of Duty
Aint nothing funny like Paul Mooney, this fatal beauty
Got some explaining to do, hold up, I thought you knew me
Better than that, we know the cheddar was tapped
You getting bread in the trap, why get in bed with them rats
My son is missing some racks, and Louch is fitting to snap
She need to come up with answers, instead of fixing her mack
Makeup, just give the facts, straight up, and just the facts
If you did it, we gon' bury you with it, and thats that




This how we do it on Staten
We hardly get caught with our hoodies off, let alone a ratchet



Verse 1 (Sheek Louch)
Keep taking about that money
Ima stick 'em
Ha, ha, ha, ha, stick 'em
Send a bitch home wit him
Let her tell us where to get him
Got the hollows in that ruger
Im looking at your chains
Cause them diamond look clearer
Than that water in Aruba
You ain't even gotta jack 'em
You barely need a gun
You can walk up and smack 'em
They so soft
Then you got the rats
That fact should be up north
Donnie on his bullshit
Mask and a full clip
Hoppin' out the whip
I'mma stick 'em
Ha, ha, ha stick 'em
Lay him down on the floor
My mans at the door
My other homie downstairs
Hand on the 4
I ain't even gotta koll em
I'm just coming for that raw

Hook
My daughter said stick 'em
Mama said stick 'em
My son said daddy if he move
I'mma lick 'em
My grandmother go to church
To pray on my victims she say
Burr stick 'em ha ha ha stick 'em

Verse 2 (Ghostface)
Ya know I'mma slim nigga
From a large family
The burner get passed
Around the crew like a grammy
My little man with autusim
He looked at me
And looked at duke and said stick 'em
Why ya looking at me stick 'em
I hope you remove the body
But where we gonna ship 'em
Fuck it I just draw a door to me duck
Cut the jewels
He said ship me, I'm not giving it up
Word! Awe shit!
Its gonna be a long day
Her maid just got enough
Maps for this hallway
Home still smelling like ajax
Ripped the Jules off his neck
Like chill par relax
Understand it came through
C alar ripped him
Doc had to staple his face
Straight victim
This how we do it in Staten
We hardly get caught with our hoodies off
Let alone a ratchet

Hook
My daughter said stick 'em
Mama said stick 'em
My son said daddy if he move
I'mma lick 'em
My grandmother go to church
To pray on my victims she say
Burr stick 'em ha ha ha stick 'em

Verse 3 (Jadakiss)
Get my hand on the hawk I'mma stick 'em
Aids needle I'mma stick 'em
Got the red nose off the leash
Can't wait to sic 'em
Usually make 'em take it off
Slow when I strip 'em
Prolly better to kill 'em
Cause he can't take the whipping
Consider it charity
Vvs clarity
ARA is the armed robbers academy
Put it in the bag
I dont care its waever homes
Big shit, all the way
Down to the heron bones
Credit cards, debit cards
Everybody get god
Wedding bands, birthstones
Camouflage, earth tones
Yea my cloth is cut different
It dont cost nothing
To just listen
But if not I'mma burrr stick 'em
Ha ha ha stick 'em

Hook
My daughter said stick 'em
Mama said stick 'em
My son said daddy if he move
I'mma lick 'em
My grandmother go to church
To pray on my victims she say
Burr stick 'em ha ha ha stick 'em




Oh yeah, coming through with my Shaolin crew
Two cent for a case, gimme St. Ide's brew
In the midst of broken bottles and crushed up cans
Methtical's in a jam, oh how dry I am


With St. Ides in my system
Crack another I'm blessed, let's go get the next one
And get over, the object is to stay sober
Lay on the sofa, better yet, dial my chauffeur


Call me the Wallabee Champ, sretched out, could never be son
Ricochet daily hit the deli for a cold one
Naturally blessed, yes, my rap is like a laser beam
That blows in the bushes, St. Ide's fill the canteen


Crack the bottle of the St. Ide's, sipping to those
Who don't realize that drinking ain't only to be drunk
You can't drive, keep my peoples alive
And if the Saint don't know you from a can of paint


It was hot on the spot so I jetted up the block
I saw Ak with an Ide's, I could tell by the dot
On the back he be building, not that charcoal filtered
Ice cold bottle tilted, to my cup he spilt it
Ahh St. Ides




I AM IRONMAN!


Remix! Remix! Remix!


I said wait...Stop the party
(What we waiting for Swizz? The streets want it nigga!)
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!
Oh! Yeah! Oh! (Remix)
Get 'em up! Get get 'em up! Oh! (Remix)
Get 'em up! Get get 'em up! Yeah!
Get 'em up! Get get 'em up! Oh!
Get 'em up! Get get 'em up!
I said wait...Stop the party
(I don't even gotta change my verse for this)
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!


Shit! That's what it's comin' to!
Tell me how you want it boo!
Fuck a line nigga see me skippin' right in front of you!
Check! Trust me you don't really want it duke
Open club security and pull my niggas off of you!
Why try stop it see we primetime comin' through!
Shut it down disrespectful bitch that's what we love to do!
Check the method how I shread it there ain't nothin' new!
Actin' like the club through!

 (Busta Rhymes) {T.I}
I said wait...Stop the party (T.I. Where you at?)
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!
{They wanna be down with the King!}


We pull up to the club, park, hoppin' out, bouncin'
Walkin' in the door, DJ just made an announcement
King in the building, women screamin', shoutin'
Remy bottles in the hand, standin' on the couches
Me, I don't smoke, but my niggas blowin' ounces
It's hot in here, she sweatin', see her nipples through her blouse and
How can (what?!) -- I not be the hottest shit?
I'm killin' parties, body shit, hey wait a minute, stop it, Swizz

 (Busta Rhymes) {Cam'Ron}
I said wait!
(Aw shucks man! When the last time you heard somebody say aw shucks man?)
(Oh God what we 'bout to do here?!) {Killa!} (Where you at playboy?)
I said wait...Stop the party
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!


Uh, I'm a cyclone bull, dry-stones y'all
Want face time? Get the iPhone four
Be patient, more beef waitin'
King James the game, number one free agent
I been winnin', you been losin'
Dipset back, got the UN movin'
Movin' chips, Frito-Lay
You folks, yessir, I'm the east coast Dre

 (Busta Rhymes)
I said wait! (Aiyyo Ghost where you at nigga?!)
I said wait...Stop the party
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!


Yo! I know a couple of real killers that's Catholic
White boys that speed blacks cleanin' they ratchets
In the bloodline Osiris, I'm the only Muslim in the pool
They know I put that work in like a pirate
Jails you slap the ox in the green jello
Carvin' your face is like the sound of a sweet demo
Swiss knives intimidate Roscoe
Blood drippin' over my crisp Nike's
The streets the TECs spit like tobasco
Never sip the blue shit or pink Rose'
That's more for like pretty women, you so lame
So if you wanna get physical
Staten Island goons is in the cut
Tony Starks play the front like my genitials

 (Busta Rhymes) {DMX}
I said wait!
(And y'all thought I was makin' a movie already huh?)
(Welcome home dog! Aw shucks man!)
I said wait...Stop the party
{Grrrrrrrrrrrrr! Woo!}
I don't wanna hurt nobody but!
{Arf! Arf!}


I went away for a minute, it's like I'm back from the dead (Yea!)
Relapse on you niggas, and crack some heads (Aight!)
Lemme see - my plate's empty, yours is full
You suck, real talk, c'mon with the bull!
Guns clap like applause (Yea!), tap tap on the doors (Yea!)
You gon' be like, "What's that?!," all you gon' hear is Blap! thru the walls (Yea!)
I rep for the town that said 'Fuck Pataki! (Aight!)
Niggas from Clinton, Comstock and Coxsackie






"Who I sleep with is my own personal business"
"Nah, man, no, who you sleep with
The first face you see in the mornin'
Is very, significant, man, that's where you get your energy from
It's your mirror, can you dig it?"


I'm thinking of the drop?
Peace beautiful how you doing?
You know I always see you, girl I wanna know
You know what I had in my mind for you
I just wanted to let you know that, damn girl
(To all the queens), just give me a chance
(To all the earths), I know you dig me, and I dig you (the goddesses)
And I don't see why we can't make this happen
(All the wisdoms) All you gotta do is have the will in yo mind
And the will in mine -- I already got the will in my mind
To say let's make it happen -- (all the syrens)
Let's just see it, man, let's just find out
Because I see the way you look at me, and I look at you
The thing's that on my mind are all the time
It's heaven, girl -- it's just heaven (yo, yo)


Love or lust, voluptious strain struck my eye
Black butterfly, said she'd never love another guy
I was a secret lover, now she says the'll be no other
Hard to keep each other, knowing one day will be discovered
See, I love ya, since my childhood, ma, look how you've grown
We used to zone off and making love through the phone
Now, stay with me, daisy lady drive me crazy
Crazy tried to kill my baby, steal my baby, baby


Girl, I wanna know, you know what
Fact, listen girl (I wanna know)
Just like everybody wanna come at you
I'm comin' at you, but I'm the real man
That wanna let you know something
I wanna let you know, you got it, girl
You know what I mean? You got it, you got the flavor
Like raspberry to strawberries, girl
You the one I need


High priced ice on my neck, cause the windchill
She melt like a snowflake up against my car windshield
Eyes like a reindeer, lost, innocent Bambi
Toss the jammy from me, loved the life family
Long talks and pillow fights, walking at night
All she needed was a little light, shorty shining bright
E-mails flirtin' with you, Bobby bout to burst a missile
Wanted to hurt or tickle, girl, could you slurp it, would you?


Can you hear me? Can you hear what I'm sayin' to you girl?
I'm tryna show you how much I feel, the way I feel for you
But here we go again, ma, one more time
All you gotta do is just take a listen
Just listen to me baby, ok? Just listen
Listen to my needs, listen to your needs


Five and a half in Boys, ass is off the hook
High school pussy, heard you got the best noogie
Sugar walls, watch your love, slide right on my dick
I'm palmin' ya ass like this while you ridin' it
I'm about to cum boo-boo, chill for a sec
I feel it at the tip, ma', your pussy too wet
One false move and I will blast like the very first time
Burnt you with candle wax/wax, while you was slobbin' mine
Dick is sensitive, you move, baby here it is
Oh Lord, I told you not to move, you dumb broad
Cummin' for days, wettin' ya caves
My dick is like the sprinklers and maybe ya dush, I'm here to save the day
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggas
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggas


Girl I wanna know..
You know you always stayin' on my mind
Listen to our niggas, ok girl
Girl I wanna know..
Because together we can make a change
That'll be like, ahhh
You feel me girl, do you feel me?
Girl I wanna know..
You always on my mind, girl, always
I wanna know, you know you always stayin' on mind
Can you tell me what I need to know girl?




"I want you, you've got to, stop your storm babe" (x4)


The fuck?
Yo, somebody sent their wolf pack in their clappin' rounds
Actin' like, what a way to play these clowns
Some shady town guerrillas tryin' to lay me down
Yo maybe Brown, done set it up, who give a fuck?
We vested up, from head to gut, them niggas won't get the best of us
They talk to me, silently they stalk with me
Awkwardly, till they seen my two ninas
Fiendin' let us out of these jeans, would lean'em , leave 'em
Coughin' and bleedin' even, barfin' and wheezin'
Son they- called for it, we at odds, and we gon' make it even
Burning Season long 4 keep pourin' on the heat Lord
The more beef they bring Killa, the more steak to feast off
One shot nearly took a cheek off, should've seen him leapin'
Dancin' like Ed Norton catchin' a smack from Jackie Gleason
Bloody Mooners episode 1 where weapons get spun
And those who gamble with them hammers'll surely death will become

"Get over here woman!"


Yo, nigga, pass the mothafuckin' Belvedere, nigga
(Ain't no fuckin' Belvedere)
What the fuck is that? Grey Goose, nigga?
(It's water, man, water)
Yo, where the fuck is Tony at, man?
He in the room right here?
(Chill son, chill son, chill son
He gettin' his dick sucked
A bitch suckin' his dick)
Not again, B (Damn, nigga)
Yo, Tony! (Yo baby, chill, chill)
Yo, hold up (A bitch suckin' his dick)
Oh shit, son, she slurpin' and burpin'
(Fuck that) Listen, listen, listen, listen
(Oh shit he gettin' his dick sucked)


Five and a half in boys (Uh-huh), ass is off the hook (word)
High school pussy, heard you got the best nookie
Sugar walls, rocks o' love, slide right on my dick
I'm palmin' ya ass like this while you ridin' it
I'm about to cum boo-boo, chill for a sec
I Feel it at the tip, ma' (gushing sound), ya pussy's too wet
One false move and I'mma blast like the very first time
Burnt you with candle wax fast while you was slobbin' mine
Dick is sensitive, you moved, baby here it is
Oh Lord, I told you not to move, you dumb broad
Cumin' for days, wettin' ya cage
My dick is like the sprinklers and maybe a douche, I'm here to save the day
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggas
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggas




Geah! Aiyyo Starks, whattup?
What it do family?


We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word
Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves
We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees
Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodies


We gifted with vocab to make the streets spaz
And I'm infatuated with money like Mr.Krabs
Blow bags of that purple 'til I'm purple like Grimace
Burn spinach cause it keep up flows, Shawn's a menace
Even Barack watch "The Wire," the streets is political
Watch how the '89 analog switched to digital
It's a miracle, we gettin rich, offa visuals
Millionaires open doors, split them residuals
And still don't know how to act, spend 5 beams on jeans
Steady blowin cream by the stack
I get my change, now go cop, get'cha a drink
And have a ho butt-naked washed up by the sink
Blowin stink, and I don't see grass on the field
So I'mma tear ass on that field
The Doe Wilson walk around with a bottle of Spades
Diamonds lookin like I flossed in a cascade




Dee dee dee da dee, dee dee dee dee da dee day
You asked for Donnie G oh won't you please come out and play
They know I keep that black girl, the black guns and the AK's
I'm comin where you lay, and yeah I'm gonna spray - hey!
Motherfucker what'chu lookin at? The crook's back
Staten Island got my back, Brooklyn niggas let it clap
Half these niggas ride out, Harlem niggas keep it real
Bronx got a shorty there, that's my little hideout
{?}, Rose, Donnie cake, souflee
M6, no top on it, toupee
Rubber grip, stainless steel, the night look gray
Yeah, this that fly shit, patch over the eye shit
Slick Rick, bruh, these bitches be on my dick
Yeah I'm the new draft pick, about to get my ass licked
Street bullies blastin, you ain't gotta ask it
Ghostface, Wigs, will put you in a casket




Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Well I'm gone - are you gonna miss me when I leave?
Besides this 8 times 5, got tricks up in my sleeve
Guaranteed, ain't nobody around these beez
See the team, we don't sleep, cause niggas need green
We bleed different, we chase money, y'all can chase dreams
Came a long way, don't fuck that bread up in between
Tell 'em God sent you, load up that wop and let it ring ock
It's more than raindrops, when your nigga name get scratched off
Like his name dropped, that's when that thang pop
Y'all niggas thought once too much, that's why your brain stopped
Lock and load both of them 40's I make the place hot
You can't wipe that up with no shirt, that take mops
Out the window here's another bomb let that bass drop






Uh-huh.. yeah..
Aiyyo, aiyyo big wearhousin shit
Cristal bottles, Agent 88 with the gold wrapper
Coat rack is no good with the dope classics
Master fantastic trips and we fuck crackers
Bark on bitches, spark out sisters dart for dart
Diamond heart, slammin El Dorado with the Benz parts
Yo Pah mark my words
The brand new album in stores now, murderin 'em!
Murderin the higher learnin, as of now I turn myself in
Retire, give my babies my entire earnings


State my name, on this Ghost track the grand classic graphic massive
Move with the real groove with the still active
Stay 'nique, play for keep, bubble under heat
Champagne spillin, Big Willin, dealin in these streets
Sex on the Beach, Sex and the City, slum gritty
Suck milk from the titties, ain't nuttin pretty
See it in your eyes, see it in your face, son you pussy
Step out of line one time get left mushy
Champion never run never ran never will
Bed-Stuy, East New York, Crown Heights, Brownsville


Yo, don't get pumped up, cause over here you'll get lumped up
Badly bruised with your shit leakin all fucked up
I tell you what (what) we can settle the score
My hands, they break bricks and now level your jaw
My criteria, reign superior, we flood the streets about a 100 deep
Run through your town, vacate the area
When shit start happenin, y'all'll start scatterin
Skatin across the bridges in the, county of Madison
I'm down for the get down, cause y'all ain't gon' spit rounds
Niggas be on the first thing smokin, tryin to skip down
Your door kicked down, red dot the lead pop
Hit the jackpot, in his shoebox, found the bread spot


The Al-Dog is Cristal, you critters got issues
I play dumb while I dump my ashes out the windows
Like I never heard the info, Ghost you so glamorous
Word on the set is that I fuck up all cameras! {*echoes*}




Made money, watch for the cops that go a hundred, crazy summer
Moved on up, Fivers are on it, that or a shooter
Who I'm around, Larry Hoovers want a new block
These is the projects, let me screw you top of the day
Thermometer hot, niggas a shoot bruh and be up
More gunshots than in Fallujah, call it Chiraq
Hundred-g lines, no time to lye back want a Maybach
Get a real junkie to test the product, hold down your spot
Warm up the pot, let it rock up, stay on your grind
Get that shit jumpin', start off with dimes and on the week days
Take 25 give 'em all 3 bags
Within a week you're gettin' money, the clich
Come through bumpin' your head and he say
They all say that he paid
And now people wondering what he made
And if you're weak eh, can he be robbed, beast hey
Now he gotta go Mobb Deep on me


Street knowledge, we puttin' these books to the test
We puttin' two to the chest for niggas who rock vests
Food for thought, spittin' out verbs for sport
In these streets you better walk the walk or come up short
Street knowledge, we puttin' these books to the test
We puttin' two to the chest for niggas who rock vests
Food for thought, spittin' out verbs for sport
In these streets you better walk the walk or come up short


Don't let your mouth get you oxed up, boxed up in the cage
On some bruja shit, bitches burning bundles of sage
Your crack rock too pure, they gonna set you up
Chain too big on your neck, they calling you King Tut
Trust no one whose sweat bands is narc IDs
And run for the hills, if you hear anybody yell, freeze
Stash your cheese better, them shoe boxes don't work
That's some old school shit, like money in the mattress
Bitches is actresses, just screw 'em and leave
They fuck up your whole operation like Adam and Eve
Don't play the roof tops, change the color of your blue tops
And them bags with the smiley faces, get new stocks
You can't run in skinny jeans, serve fiends by any means
Sprinkle coke in the dust blunt to spice up your greens
This the school of street gems from your boy Tony Yano
You wanna check for it nigga, slide across the Verrazano


Street knowledge, we puttin' these books to the test
We puttin' two to the chest for niggas who rock vests
Food for thought, spittin' out verbs for sport
In these streets you better walk the walk or come up short
Street knowledge, we puttin' these books to the test
We puttin' two to the chest for niggas who rock vests
Food for thought, spittin' out verbs for sport
In these streets you better walk the walk or come up short




Sun God... get 'em, official...


I stay far from my opponents, pardon me dogs
That's why lead the call, they moving up on us
But them g's on the corners, move when I move
That's a warning, or I'mma have my goons spin a garment
Think it's sweet, and try to creep or run up on us
Shit'll get deeper than twelve foot, and you be leaking out of order
Don't beef, if you ain't beefin' for no quarters
Cuz pain is money, you float funny when you surfin' the water
I'm that dude slangin' pack by the border
I love my life, I live it twice, cuz it's up to me sorta
You a fool with a mental disorder, and it's probably your daughter
That really love me, for the shit that I taught her
Will Smith on the guest list, pops is the king
I'm the fresh prince, forty oil tune, kick ya chest in
Us that got the universe confession, pardon your dame
I'm new to the game, but true to my lessons


Jeans, hoods, guns, crack


Visions of me swallowing crack, being chased by jake
And the sound of the razor keep hitting the plate
And tooters is flab with rugers, with daggers and them jeans
We chew through it, like we coming down off woolas
And my P.O., she half Creole, I move from Philly to Dallas
With true talent, like my name is T.O
So when I piss, I gotta piss slow, she know I kick them Vasine bottles
Cuz if I'm dirty, I ain't letting it go
Your project steps is Ajax down, dry blood
Maintenance men with the scrub brush, scraping the ground
Diapers, baby rattles and broke lighters, I led many
Horses to water, just to see if they like it
Taste my, Betty Crock', ready rock, bet he cock, now
News flash, my nigga ridin' L, laid a cop down
Any of ya niggas want beef, I will stop clowns
I got a bad ox' fifth, now how the Glock sound?



[Ghostface Killah) (Sun God)
Aiyo, what up S.G.? (Aiyo, what's poppin' my nigga
I'm just oil in the toolies, exercising my trigger
Finger, I got the biggest bangers) Yeah, I got a crispy stainless
Your mans ain't fucking those hoes, they just a bunch of gamers
(Them head shots, neck shots, probably blow they brains in
I'm so close to the edge, pushin' they fucking face in)
I bet you now, them muthafuckas really start complaining
(No hesitation, my reputation'll leave 'em chaining)
We go hard, like the NARC's when we start invading
(I copped the license and registration, to cock and aiming)
It's all entertainment (And all my niggas made it)
We hard body like Wu-Tang and Iron Maiden
(I keep the iron blazing, hands hurt
Like a bitch when she putting braids in, I think it's so amazing)
We ran trains for hours, up in the Days Inn
Hood rats and crack motels, we seen baking




*Sounds of crunching and eating*
Yeah, good...




(Yeah yeah I'm tired of doing this shit)
Aight word, aight I'ma set it (Tell me how you feel man)
Yo son, check the fly shit son (Sup cousin how you doin'?)
Yo baby check it man, I got a new connect son, for real man
Fuck all this twenty-four brick shit man (No doubt)
My man got out of state for fifteen (Yeah)
You know what I'm saying?
(You know my man's and 'em is in VA they politicking to death) Right right (So it's all good, what's up? What you wanna do?)
We gotta move God, we gotta move God, we gotta migrate
Get the f-, get the fuck outta New York, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Bounce man, start fucking with bigger and better shit
So you telling me no more big eights strictly breaks
No more no more no more man (I'm with you, I've been waiting)
No more God (what's up?)
It's the pot of gold right here man this is it man, this is glory
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(So yo, the first thing we gotta do man is just know what we gonna do with this cream when we get it man) Right
(Cause I'm not tryna just be, sitting on motherfucking 200 thou)
(And acting like I'ma just be a drug dealer all my life) Nah
(Son I got bigger and better plans Son)
No doubt, we gonna move on man
(And you know I be fucking with anybody man)
Son, long as the love and the trust is there Son we gonna grow God
(Yo, yo, Tony)
We gonna grow like a plant, son
(Yo you coming at me like that, son?)
For real son, come on you know me man (You know my style, son)
You know how my heart feels though, God (No doubt)
But yo God, for real, this is my last time God
I'm hanging this shit up man if this shit don't work right here, God
YouknowhatI'msayin?
(Word up, I feel the same way, I feel the same way kid)
Yo God, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I got shot at man, my mom's windows got shot the fuck up man
(Yeah)
Yo God, my baby's in here God, see I gotta take the time man
And raise my family man (Yeah yeah yeah)
YaknowhatI'msayin? Sit around man, my grandkids, man
(But yo son, it's like this man, we all living man, we here now man
Word man
(YouknowhatI'msayin? Let's not think like we gon' be stagnating man, let's keep moving ahead man, keep our head up man
Take care of our families man)
God, word is bond, I'm your eyes that's in back of you kid
(Let's do it then)




Yeah, Solomon marked for life, a million to life
Thug for life, forever eyein the kid
'89 stick-up kid, King of New York
Regulation party, daddy hard body
Rowdy Brighton God-body
Smooth like a leather bop, '83 hip-hop
Top of the world, get it rizzight
Dick to your wizzife, murder cats for the right prizzice
Four-hundred and fifty-six on the dizzice
This is real lizzife, ain't nothin sweet God
Sit down and think it through God
Cuz comin all outta ya face'll get ya clap God


You are now listening to the sounds of Supreme Clientele


Step in to the party, it's me
God Almighty, Ghost still holdin that shotty
Dust and Alize', three-quarter Timbs
Terry-cloth robes, crisp hundreds in the envelope
Duke it on the globe, thank God for my Wallabee shoes
They done saved me, up three-nothin and Salt Lake City
Burgundy minks, whips with sinks in em
Brocolli blown, illa disease breath, elephant skin
Meet the black Boy George, dusted on my honeymoon
Bitch like my wife, she popped my Ghostface balloon
Bitches think that I'm Dominican, slaf-hash Indian
Milk on my mustache, drop to my chiny-chin
Dive into dangerous parts, buildin with thirsty mammals
White man scream, "Swim Starks sharks!"


Smack the jail bail bondsman strength of eighteen bronz men
Tall like Karl Malone "Mailman", frame of Larry Johnson
Tony Montana blow, creamy white Havana Joe's
Old Suzanna ho, pussy sweet, banana flow
David Banner, gamma ray shots, beast will marinate
Bones splitted fatal Wu swords, sour amputate
Duck Savanna wait, we splashed the glass, ice rocks
Our cash high right stock, our logo's on your rice box
Plus your dice box, on the side upon your white socks
Bobby got the mic cocked, BUCK BUCK, nice shot




All my life, it's been one big struggle
Born and raised... in the slums of trouble, I'm all...


Yo, I was born and raise in New York City
The home of the Yankees, the Jam Master Jay's and the Biggie's
Ralph Icey's, Jet mags, cops surveillance, it's high tech
Our appearance is we still in the grind, and direct
But on my side of town shit's gorilla, phone booths is broke
Behind the building niggas on post
What up Doc? What up Lord? I'm chilling
These motherfuckers got my name and my face
Placed up in every building
You see what that do to the children, that ain't right
I've been raised in these projects, damn near, all my life
And these faggots wanna do this to me, I'mma lay low
And blow that cop, son, you watch, no lie, word to my momma, dunn
They don't want the drama, thunn, 'member me in '86?
Knocked out four cops, got knocked on the outer bridge
Bagged me with two clips, a fifth of Bacardi Dark
I spared them, cause all of them left with they body parts
I'm not crazy; I'm lulu, I will Larry Davis these spades
You spill a little blood on the NARC's Fubu
The Culture Pound'll go thru dude, and ricochet off his shoulder
Miss the teeth and hit his Lo Mein noodles
Fuck it..




I'mma tell ya motherfuckers something, my struggle is real
Threw ketchup on my rice, cause there was no meat with the meal
My dog was better off alone, he ate when I ate, if not days later
Two weeks old cold shit, straight out the refrigerator
Ran away a few times, then boom, went to Dee and fried them
Prior to that, burning rulers, we was getting high in the Hill
So many cracks we done crushed up in dollar bills
It's a shame, didn't smoke once plain; don't pass me that
I had escaped that, then dust took over
Hit bags of red devil, bundels leaking, had put the hood in a coma
Hustling backwards and off balance, turkey and cheese hero's
And nutriments, kept a nigga belly full
Fresh cut and fresh kicks, thinking it was cool, now I'm telling you
A grown man still in the struggle, vouch for my brothers too
And sisters, all across the globe, fuck the past
Fix the future, I'm sent here to spread the message, come on





I'm sorry, this song does not exist




Yeah .. uh huh
What up girl, yeah
I hear all that
That's real nice and all that
It's been, it been good though
Cause it's been a year
It been real good
Cause it been so good
In the summertime all over again
Tell me somethin


Out of all the guys that approach me
Walking up to me like they know me
You were the one that stayed aside
Waited a while and took your time
You don't know how impressing
Your curiousity was to me
It was the fourth day of July
Looked in my eyes and saw that I

 - w/ ad libs
I wanted more than just a man (man)
I needed a friend (I want a friend)
Someone I can talk to
Someone who'll really listen
When you touched my hand
The sun got brighter then
Trusting you I close my eyes
And felt our love begin


It was the summertime (when we fell in love)
It was the summertime (when heaven shined on us)
It was the summertime (baby there is nothing like the)
Summertime, summertime


Now it's been a year and we're closer
Fall in love again when I hold ya
I know that God set you aside
For me and now, you are my prize
Wanna grow old with ya
Fill our house with your pictures
Have a son for you
A little girl for me
Together we'll raise a family

 - w/ ad libs


I wanna understand everything you talk about baby
That's my word, cause I feel the same way
You know what I mean?
I've been feelin this way for a long time too
And a .. it's like I wanna be a daddy
I wanna be your lover
Your everything, I just wanna share life with you
Just like yo
That's why I tell you I love you


I used to sit back and analyze on how we first met
A year ago on the barbershop steps
You and your friends walked past me
I called you back like "come here sexy have a word with you yet, please?"
Congratulations on bein my gift
God wrapped you up tight and he preserved my wish
I'm not a psychic it's just that I'm in tune with such
I swear the vibes got heavy when we got real close
My whole demeanor caused me to ask questions and stare at you strangely
Have I found my baby?
If so then tell me now
Look like you was 'bout to say somethin, you just broke a smile
Gave you the number and I said I'd dial (yeah)
A year later we on the block like "bow"
Tell me somethin, is it me or we up to somethin?
Love to love ya, your my friend and my woman




This is Theodore, that's right
I keep hearin this all in my head over and over
I can't get it out, it's crazy
You know what I'm sayin baby
This joint is real, I like that
Tell me somethin






Is it a bird? Is it a plane? (no it's Ghost, no it's Ghost)
What did y'all discover?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? (no it's Ghost, no it's Ghost)
It's a Superman lover...


Yeah, yeah, yeah
Aiyo, I'm coming up the block, got my hands on the ratchet
And these fucking little faggots don't believe it's Ghost
Well, surprise mothafucka, Starkey Love got breakfast
Got some steaming hot biscuits, you can eat this toast
Shots blow through ya meatloaf and lace ya back
Turn you over like a pancake and take ya gat
That's not damn near the half of it
Cops came, said the Killahs ain't risk game and the flow's so accurate
Anything's possible, black, you mad profitable
Waste no time, breath, air on popping you
Put you on the guest list, go dance with death
The club's dead, yeah, you right, you the last one left
See the spooks in, goths in, devils in, fire's in
You dwelling in hell where them snitch niggas lyin, friend
Ya skin start bubbling from in the hot oven
Say peace to my man down there, K-Dozen
It's Ghost, pressing y'all clowns on the regular
Dead you on a five pack, then take ya cellular
Don't get it twisted, black, cuz I'll bury ya
This is just weed money, the more, the merrier


They call me the Superman lover
Said, they call me the Superman lover
Yeah, plus I'm wrong...


Aiyo, G4 jets with like three and four pets
Sex, Beck's, chicken and hens, all the same sex
Walk through the Amazon, spilling Dom, Moet
To find my way back I gotta leave a trail of baguettes
My tongue's like a four-pound, my game is ill
Twist a chick like a Rubik's cube, now what's the deal?
Chocolate, light skin, meet Mr. Excitement
Got my D.D.L. on me, that's my Dick 'em Down License
Never wife 'em, strike just like lightning
I stay piping, hype just like Hype is
Bitches wanna see me and my rhinestone drawers
Call in sick at work, then they take off
For me, spread 'em out for Starky
My mouth makes music like Biz Markie
I get it in like any car key
My stroke is on, I'm never rusty
Uh-uh, but if you wanna play, this is what you gonna say
That I got the best D, he could hit it all day
Something like a rising star that's on Broadway
Sex real live with a Illmatic foreplay



 + (sample)
Oh shit, it's that Bally, it's that slick Bally
'88 material, little niggas don't know nothing about this though
Check it out y'all (look) come on (look) yeah, come on
(Up in the sky) When I'm at the bar, or in a rented car (look)
(You'll see me flying by) Ya see the jewerly truck, don't touch
Yeah, yeah, come on, when I'm in the streets
Might show you the heat (look, flying straight past ya)



 + (sample)
Toney Starks Radio (something ain't wrong with me)
Mama got a big butt, mama got a big butt
Toney Starks Radio right here
Mama got a big butt, mama got a big butt
Smooth FM, you know how we do, come on
Wave ya hand in the air like this
Mami, wave ya hands in the air like this
Put 'em up if you trying to get rich
Put 'em up if you trying to get rich
Uh, that's right, get rich
Let's go, that's right, get rich
Ghostface, Ghostface...
Staten Island, New York, what's up





Uh-huh
(We back up in this piece, yo)
(Yo, Donna)
(Snatch these birds for a second)
(They rabbits)
GROUPIES!
(Straight up nothing but rabbits)
(Word up, birds are free)
(Word, slick yo)

Verse 1: Cappadonna

She a super model
33 - 33 throttle
Love the way her body shaped
Shaped like a bottle
Save it till tomorrow
I'm like Zorro
CC leaving marks on your tee-tees
Love you in your Nikes
The sweet sea breeze
Make me fall to my knees
If it's possible
Can I get a set of keys
I swallow your tasty's
BBC's they come in all varieties
Hire me
Hire CC
I'm a liar
But gimme, gimme
My middle leg get you skimmy
Take this shit like a shot of Remy
Bend over let me introduce you to Rover
Until it's over
Now you sober
Put your leg back on my shoulder
I'm a scrub like you
And plus one piece of ass'll just can never do
My new 75 wives's coming through
One female that live near the Bronx zoo
Had to be home no later than 2
And the 2 twins with the hour curfew
The light-skinned females one's you call Boo
THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT YOU!



She a super model
33 - 33 throttle
Love the way her body shaped
Shaped like a bottle
Save it till tomorrow
I'm like Zorro
Starsky leaving marks on your tee-tees



Chocolate milk you look good in your silk
Put your body on tilt
Take me for 2 G's
Even though we not married
I make love to you
You can call me Larry
Call me anything
Don't trap me with the ring
I'm a one night fling
On the road trying to sing
Yeah you a queen but C-Donna ain't your king
My dress code switch it make you wanna swing
A little episode
I would have done it before but now you look old
Sex on the first night thats how I roll
Fronting on a crust being assed in the cold
Try to play live what?
Lady on a stroll
Rack my Versace but can't pay the toll
All Cappuchino women y'all got to go
The love that I feel for women is untold
Sweet or sour ladies if you got babies
If you wanted to hit a nigga off in the eighties
Jump in the Mercedes girl it's all true
THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT YOU!

Hook

Verse 3:Cappadonna

Knew a girl named Cindy
Her sister named Don
They used to come around with Shallah Raekwon
A couple of years before the Wu was even on
They love the way I dress captivated by my charm
If you see me in the cut I'm just steadily calm
It's a regular females be under my arm
Ever since I got paid to start dropping the bombs
I could take 2 women my nickname is LONG
Crushing is involved I'm doing the James Bond
Grant you a fantasy then I be gone
That's under the hat the way I made you come back
From the shoes to the hat
All of my shit match
I'm like a book of matches
I'm always on strike
I'm double-jointed I can do it how you like
Come to Keisha house
Yeah it's only right
We can get together for a glass of ice
And if the kids here something we can tell em it's a fight
I love my 2 seeds more than my own life
It's hard to escape punani appitite
I see a pretty face I start falling in lust
No matter what baby girl I just can't get enough
Because THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT YOU!

Hook

Outro:Ghostface Killah(Cappadonna)
(Save it till tomorrow)
(CC leave a mark on your tee-tees)
I love grupies
Leave a mark on your snoopies
(GROUPIES!)
Come here rabbits
(Put you in your iceberg snoopies)
Take a bite of this carrott
Uh-huh
Word




He's a superstar, yeahhh {*2X*}
(Told y'all!)
He's a superstar, yeahhh


Superstar, blowin smoke at the hookah bar
The bullet wound on my neck is a Ruger scar
Pop bottles yo, but not just 'pagne
You drink Cristal? Well that's a damn shame
I down Ketel One, bottles of that Grey Goose
That white Hennessy, then I smash the booth
A real superstar, check out the booty y'all
Red and white green hair, that's Gucci pah
Look how the jacket matches loafers it's lookin crazy
Dutches pumped up, plus I live in Macy's
This is Theodore, they call me Starkalicious
Cause my tongue game, is a likkle vicious
I got stupid money, so I'mma keep payin
I keep the paparazzi, and the fans sayin


He's a superstar, yeahhh
He's a super, super, super superstar {he is a superstar}
He's a super, super, super superstar {ohhhh, he is yeah}
He's a super, super, super superstar {oh yes he is a}
He's a superstarrrrr yeahhhh


Mink coats, rock diamond wristlets
Bankroll so thick I don't need a wishlist
Chain swing down to my torn meniscus
Red carpet affair, superstar status
Wish Mike was here to tell you I'm the Baddest
Stalked by TMZ, wanted by Oprah
Followed everywhere from the Garden to the Copa
Take some more vanilla bean to the mocha
Toca, Tone be quick fast to poke ya
The Ace of Spade of the deck, use your choker
Glossy, always the center of attraction
And I bring Redman if it's "Time 4 Sum Aksion"
Grimy, consumed on the forest top ten of tree
Beast of the food chain that's how it's meant to be




Award show skyscraper presence in your memories
Spotlight forever reflect on my accessories
Exotic with it 'til your vomit be the recipe
Movin forward ain't nothin at all ahead of me
Legendary remedy 'til it's medical, get it?
Magnetic and be the most incredible with it
More than legend but riddich, mosh pit lyrically
Godsent to the point see the cynical image
Be on the star source, travellin to Venus
Now you look at me as weird while I morph into a genius
Sometimes it's startlin the way that people see us
But the dickride be heavy and be weighin on my penis~!
Funny how the love be fake but I ain't stressin
Thankful for the love that's genuine appreciate the blessing
Rockstar livin while I'm handlin my biz
Shinin brighter than the sun y'all niggas KNOW JUST WHAT IT IS!





 + (Raekwon)
On the firing line... lock, one round load
Ready on the right? Ready on the left?
Ready on the firing line? Watch for ya targets
(Yeah, yeah, yeah...) pay attention


Welcome to the fish fry where niggas get burnt to a crisp
Jump out the pot, "Yeah yo I got this"
Long armor, construction's on, I'm pro-drama
Catch me in the wildest beefs, I bring bombers
Bearded like Talibans, booted, my black ninjas
'll come through, tuxedos on with the gold llamas
Priceless like emeralds, check out the ski mask
King Tut's nephew gave it to me for three bags
Of heron, Don Baron, sniff a bag of blow
Fifth out, runnin' up in Saks with the ill army
Shake feds, play dead, yo check out what Rae said
Lay on ya hands, let the Branson break bread
High energy, all my niggas a kin to me
Regardless how it go down I still get ten a ki
Beware of my enemies, y'all remember me
Nikes with the low goose on and I've been a beast
Wilding in my headphones, red in my stones
Good ganja out, if I die fill up my headstones
With water, dough, acid and gold classics
All my niggas who pump, the spirit'll jump out and grab shit
Max with the laser on 'em, staircase caskets (caskets)
Broke bugged thugs in the hallway maxing (maxing)

 + (movie sample)
Still them 1-6-Ooh niggas, straight up (whoa, hold up, hold up)


The nozzle aim rip through ya frame for pocket change
Fiend for the Rush Hour 4 then pop a vein
Thousand dollar corks pop, pause or get off top
Used to be a general, just lost your spot
Animal House, two grand'll handle ya mouth
Beast mode with the G-Code cancel 'em out
Son, I've seen Hell, fell into the palms of Satan arms
Don that I am made 'em bow in the face of God
Graveyard Shifting, different day, the same thing
The name ring then the chain swing and dames cling
Money green, Maury kicks, whips and new fitteds
(It was all a dream) Advocated by the few who do live it
Bloomberg make a nigga cop the Mausberg
Shorty ain't a shorty, he a shooter like Wahlberg
Old man told me, "Don't be blind to deception
Only strive for perfection homey, ya mind is a weapon"


Relax, you got ya muscles tight, relax
Word... Word...

 + (U-God)
First we told y'all niggas, then we showed y'all niggas, huh?
(We gon' take it back with this)
By the time you get a show, we've been all around the globe, huh?
(We gon' take it back with this)
Before you even had a name, you was screaming "Wu-Tang"
(We gon' take it back with this)
When we was running on the block, you was under ya pops, remember
(We gon' take it back with this... let's go)


Armor truck money, Shazam bangles, play the throne like
Julius Caesar, gorilla mob, slash, Killah's gaurd
Fake passports and visas, all of my goons
They be carrying spoons because boom he had a massive seizure
Hot chocolate lovers, guns is published
Detroit bitches out of town be dying to fuck us
This is real talk, shank lullabyes
Ben Franks, we like Jet Blue we stay hella high
Curl on the dumbell L, we can't even S-P-E-L-L
MTV or TRL's
Supreme novelists, we rank superior, guarding the post
Down low in the 'jects, got it locked in ya area
Ain't tryna hurry up
We like rebel niggas powdered up wilding in the streets of Liberia
No matter the crime, I'm beating the case
If I'm a wrong, a chair hit a judge right in his face
Shitting shanks out, come to court dates
Mittens on shines with blood Wally's that's the color of wine


Talk to me, my criminal mystique
Kick back the boards, six thousand a week
Pay homage, what the don beat, you're a minor threat
I see ya sweat roll down ya cheek
And ya soft and sweet, ya talk is pork
Get murdered in New York when I enforce the heat
And the cost ain't cheap, my advice is priceless
Bring back the life that ya thought was lifeless
The way of the gun, son, who the nicest?
S.K., no stun gun, smooth devices
Time crisis, I played the game, low lifers
In a brawl, ripped the phones out the walls in Rikers
Vipers in the infirmary rooms with slicers
Shiesters with hate in their blood might bite ya
Fuck that bitch if yo wife don't write ya
Cancel her, buy another one just like her
Pipers in the bucket of ice taste righteous
Today's mathematics when we build in cyphers
The baby automatic kill like Air Force strikers
I'm still Asiatic when I spill the hypeness


The dark, and this place will come here
That's right!






Niggas pulled me up out the bed for this shit, man
Just know I got a cold, I'm coughing everywhere
Shaking, freezing, covers on right now
Come on, man, yo, let me get some tea, man, throw some ginger in there
Word up, just telling me to throw onions and garlic in my socks
I ain't with all that, hand me some Theraflu, some Nyquil or something
Youknowhatimsaying? I gotta do what I gotta do though, voice scratchy and all
I gotta get those coins, I need coins right now, yo
It's what it is, check me out, yo, aiyo


You can catch me on G-Street, snowflake fur on
Cubaned out, neck looking all beastie
Don't pass me the blunt, I'm cooling, sixteen hundred grams
On his concrete land, it's moving
From here to La Cienaga, I do hood yoga
I pull muscles counting money, need a new shoulder
Bitches circle round me on the block, I'm bossed up
I ain't stabbing nothing less she got a horse butt
Fuck her on the side of the building, that's a 'walnut'
She pregnant, ten minutes ago, she had a small gut
One apostle, Cuban Link skit
Montana Medellin, blowing both nostrils
Stick up kids stay away, Shaolin is far from your Emerald City
Call it Ox Town, trust me, I give you fifty
V necks on a different level
Staple your collar bone, you don't want no bass treble


I feel murder in the air, yeah, where my soldiers
Where the hood at? Bring 'em out, need ya'll to hold us
We gon' march until the whole entire world take notice
Wu-Block, take notice, Wu-Block, take notice


I'm dreaming, at the bar with Barack's wife
Nancy Reagan making shots for us, TMZ said they saw us
Hillary said I frighten her
Alarm go off, choking off the teeth whitener
I'm Don-Don, Daily News, fitted be true blue
I don't gang bang, but my niggas be Su-Wu
It's only a few niggas in the game that I'm true to
She mad I won't fuck her, go wash that poo-poo
Yo, Starks, tell Vel to book more suits
Aiyo, Vel, tell L to call more treats
Snow bunnies, house wives of Orange County
We gun smoking bonanzas, with no bounty
See me? My chain lower than your GPA
See them shooters in that building? They hear to stay
Said you getting that for cheaper, well, what you pay?
Sometimes I feel like Naughty, Hip Hop Hooray






After laughter comes tears


Check the script, me and the gods gettin' ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'boom boom' the bass would blast
We was laughin' at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had began to discuss
(Hey yo, Ra, remember that kid you bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
'Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh ha
Not knowin' exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect to come across a crazy gunner
"Hey, Shorty, check it for the bag and the dough!"
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!"
Money splattered him, BOW! Then he snatched the bag
Hit his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave
Girls screamin', the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood all over the hot concrete
I picked him up, then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, I was laughin' all the time
I taught him all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words


After laughter comes tears


Me and my man, my ace Big Moe from the shelter
'Bout to hit the skins from this girl named Thelma
Now, Thelma had a rep that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the mornin', somethin' got to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat and practice safe sex!
He seemed to ignore, I said, "Be for real!
She's not even worth it to go raw deal."
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, Moe, I'm out without a doubt
I'm not pumpin' up, I am airin' out
Hey yo, he came out laughin' with glory
I'm surprised he's still livin' to tell his story
But he carried on with the same old stuff
With Stephanie, like a Whammy, he pressed his luck
Moe tried to be down with O.P.P.
Ain't nothin' wrong, but he got caught with the H.I.V.
Now no life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter I guess comes the tears


After laughter comes tears




Midnight, staring out the view from the condo
Half a pound on the table, blunt wraps in my ?? shine Joe ??
Lounging on the gunplay
Haven't burnt a nigga in 4 days
Fuck it, I'm all in mi casa
Sheepskin 'Lo slippers and lambskin boxers
Four hundred thousand under the ice are cold lobsters
A bad bitch, her silhouette behind my shower curtain
The fog in the mirror's a stick, I couldn't see her curves, and
So butt naked I became right
I put my weapon near the sink right there in plain sight
I jumped in, she did a line off me
??? Wilin' like Stevie J chick, she sniffed a dime off me
Heated floors, par-quet!!
I ate her pussy while she drying off, ??? sorbet!
Starks feeling like James Bond
I fucked on a hundred thousand green, Draymond!
Pretty dick, back it up, hoes get they gag on
Nosebleeds, honestly, how can they just pass it up?
I don't cum quick, uh-uh, that's them little niggas
I fuck like my dick screwed on, go and tell them bitches





NBA Finals 1992 MJ "The Shrug" sample


Wall to wall.. that's my word
I own approximately.. everything you got
The verdict.. that's right


Yo...
Call me the black champion, Guess down, wanna test now
So let's grab the mack and vest, bless him if he stressed out
Amazing, blazing Purple Haze spaceships
Blazin asians in Mercedes Benz stations
Yo, moving through the tavern, guns that burn, sons that learn
Stabbin an intern, corporate book of words
Iceatollah Motorolas, gun reloaders, broads with rollers
When wet lens stole us, Lex glowers who owe us
Call up Comissionary Gordon, son go warn the Warden
That the lord is back, rolling with his sword again
Mixtape, masturbation mate rate plates ice traits
Guns with bitches jumping outta white cakes
It's on for real, indeed, Lex Leonardo
Shells that's hollow, six whipper through the 52 globe of horror
Carry the stainless steel armor
Nurture the church avenue drama, yo, African gold from Ghana
Puffin these marijuanas make Allah catch Alzheimers
Feedin bread to birds yellin fuck old timers


It's called game, I'll get ya life killed, game recognize
Right wills, game slight chills things stay the same
Game, subliminary mills, smash grills, night chills
Regardless what pah things won't be the same again
I'll get ya life killed, game recognize
Right wills, game slight chills things stay the same
Game, subliminary mills, smash grills night chills
Mic skills baby pah won't be the same again

(check this out, one two)
(yeah-yeah this is me, P no doubt)


Segregate those fake poems
Separate the bullshit from the authentic
Vintage rhyme division got the globe listening
My rap scroll belittled your goals and visions
Prohibition got my whole block pissing Christians
One-fifty-one Dunn'll have you off balance walkin
Don't let your emotions get involved, talkin
To the wrong culprit, the killer be the soft spoken
So what's ya intentions, you want to glow for the moment?
Throw on your two pennies, then you bolting
I rock for the few chosen, who got their third minds open
Write a page that'll engage war and encite fights
Be on the look for the bright lights and North winds
The trumpets be the mics, the size malevolent
You don't belong in my eyesight, P's a powerful soldier
Other life and things won't be the same again
It's over!


It's called game, I'll get ya life killed, game recognize
Right wills, game slight chills things stay the same
Game, subliminary mills, smash grills, night chills
Regardless what pah things won't be the same again
I'll get ya life killed, game recognize
Right wills, game slight chills things stay the same
Game

(You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be...)


MC Ultra high-brolic bank roll alcohol vulture
Garlic balls dice the shield of ocre
Tally ho pitty-pat backgammon pro
Pink salmon five spring rolls know me, you love my intro
Half a face wig sewed together like Manhattan Chase
Looking like snatching the place, check behind the drapes
Castor Troy layin for Travolta mic gun pump
Laying on the floor Clark's bleeding watermelon chunks
Hold up... sprinkle the hash, Tony d
Snatch RZA last piece of fish right off the glass dish
Butter roll beats bagel tracks wavey hair decks
Lay it down straw hat style, Butterball crown
Time life investments, when broke I wrote the old testament
Crashed domes now perform excellence
Words with the President, brunch with Yeltsin
Gorbachev under Meth's nuts, he out in Belgium
Six and a half monkeys, twelve nazis
Four disappear, three eight two one flash to thin air
God's replica no wheel drive motionless mind cresica
Tilt the hat like Escher




Aiyyo, I rumble into action, son I'm right on target
Legendary status with the way the track started
It's on, at any second with the high stakes
Drama, the game's teeth sharp like pirahnas
There's a million style biters who try to create
Make no mistake real niggas challenge the fake
Most valuable SP-1200 gold medals
Rae Progidy Ghost rhyme professional
The original, Pete Rock is like Soul on Ice
Dynamite with the mic device
Now roll the dice, for the game of death
Snake eyes baby pah, the Boy Wonder's a threat




Aiyo, Rae, aiyo, Rae, check it out, yo
Let me go in there one more time and air these niggas out
For old times sake, you know how we do, my nig'
Old times sake, just for me, man, one more time, I'm begging you
Let me just go in, and just fly on these niggas heads, man
It's what I'm talking about


It's like a body in a project hallway, who did it?
Who's the next nigga that sucked the snit-ich
That's my word, it could never be me
You see the deer head on the living room wall, like his neck fell off
That can be all sculptured and glazed with gloss
Call the shots that Bill Belichick would call
Snake niggas slither all in the glass house, racial slurs
When it's time to go to war, they cash out
Throw 'em in the rear-naked choke, they tap out
Niggas try to surround the kid, I backed out
And threw two rocks at 'em, watching the ho drop
I'm from a place where we locking the low Glocks
Yellowtape, the bodies, jiggy and road blocks
Got the towels up in the air, it's so hot
Talking bout Staten Island, profiling
Switchblade city, the goons is wilding
Escape from my slums, nigga, you got talent
And we don't want the fifth of 'yac, we want the gallon


Yeah, keep holding the Hill, nigga
Everything's real, let's grow in the field, nigga
Big bread or making that lead pop
Too many ways to get hurt or get hit with a headshot


Aiyo, Yankee blue robins on, hand full of Winston's
Plump spiker with the ices on
Glad to eat too, Yves Saint Laurent's is see through
Blueish five seven, black rag, a street dude
Liquor crack kept 'em fiending, jumped off the roof two-times
I'm surprised he seen me, your bags is the truth, my G
Jumped in the white Turismo, this is fruit for me
And now the baseheads love my style, I'm like a new pipe
With airholes in it, they suggested now
You the new king, new don, new thing, only thing missing
Is the Qu'ran, a new arm, a new lean
Yeah, salute the prophet, trooper with a plot, kid
Every block, tear hood, lock it
Yeah, all my ride for me, this what I got from it
You holding steel, yup, pop for me






Ayo, Im back after nine years, thats 36 seasons
Shit is changed up for all types of reasons
Staten Island aint the same, shit is lame
No familiar faces son, Im dodging the game
I want a clean slate, but these cops stay screwin
Snatching me up off the block, what am I doin?
Oh, its officer Dingle and his sidekick Berry
Driving me around the hood so I could worry
See how fucked up it is theres crackheads on every corner
Kids in the schoolyard smoking marijuana
I aint feeling it, this aint the way I left these blocks
And my names faded out like some old damn socks
I want respect, these streets was my playground once
I was the Mack across 110th on these stunts
Not once would a nigga test me or gets zesty
I would walk down the street and sneeze, they all blessed me


Been on the battlefield for a long, long time
I can see life closing in on this old body of mine


Yeah, homie, Im the kingpin called Future
Make a killin in these buildings in the millions, got em feeling like Brewster
Shit hot as Fallujah, kids grown now, they cock Rugers
Welcome back to the sewers, where new whips maneuver
No kids playing, no safe and sound havens
Theres tre pound cases, on the playground pavement
No more dudes with 22s, in their sneaker soles
Kids tote shit that leave your body, with a heap of holes
Im that neighborhood blizzard, flooding these streets with snow
Heavy iron on the ready, my shitll crease your clothes
Keep a flock of sweetest hoes, yeah, I sleeps with those
Little slum young Keisha Coles with cheaper clothes
Undercovers all around the gutter, they creepin low
I stays ahead, kid, I toss bread like pizza dough
I keep the tef' around my torso with the piece below
That bulldog short nose, G be at peace w,ith those, you know?




Mama Bear was a church woman, pops skated off
I was impaired, an introverted youngin, a lot changed my course
From nowhere to my first onion then them cops came across Flashed the badge, took my stash, told my little ass get lost
Threw me off when my grind was prime time then
You could step on and stretch mines to a nine times ten
I was gone, remembering though that fine lines thin
So I studied that chessboard and we were all blind men
Dealers ran the streets, but the Ds ran them
I was a killer underneath, but needed expansion
Something to constitute being high in a coupe
The cries from my youth so I applied for the suit
Salute to the enforcer, call me officer now
Supporter of paraphernalia, I toss it around
The link to the cartel, costs is down
Its that Denzel in training day shit, caution my grounds






Freedom of speech
Watch how I reach my potential
I still know hustlin, dope tracks
And instrumentals
Travel the world
Found black diamonds in the Everglades
Fought Temptations
Slap-boxed in The Devil's cage, Globe Trotter, spot-rusher
I bust in your mouth like a Gusher
It's Wu Tang motherfucker!
I ain't mad , I cock My music in the chamber
I'm God's gift; heard I was born in a manger
Danger! Cosmetic face rearrange you
Leave you slumped on the chestboard found by a park ranger
Burst of adrenaline, bungee jump off of the ?
I skydive in some sky-blue Ferragamo's
In the streets heavy, my charms chunky
You damn right I fuck fans
And I keep the munchies


Loose canon, forty deuce flicks
To Paris, way back at the Palace
Like Mike Harris, callous
Fly nicest, metallic, bang mallets
Fly your whole carriage to Paris
The black Pat Garrett, carats on
Donna Karens, guys die trying to
Drive the McLaren
Islamic, got chronic out on the terrace
Angelic body lie cold without spirit
My finest hour, you sacrifice to a higher
Power. Fly from the tower, I fly sour
And raw powder, .40 cal give your pal a shower
Oh shit! My new Calvin Klein trousers
Night prowler, your life is ours
Knife your Eddie Bauer, leave you
Push up flowers. You ain't counting
Chip-counters, niggas is pimps, your bitch
Shouted. The 650 get cloudy..


Could it be? Don't discriminate
We dudes black and blue, smack on crews
Like they're food, taking space up
On my dinner plate. Depending on
My mental state, the mood that I'm in'll
Make me charge like a bull, pull the tool out
And ventilate you, sinner taste you down
Make your crown face your frown, full of
Rounds from the pound that detonate when
They penetrate. Tell you always been a snake
You don't move like I do, imitators hate the fact
That they can't do what I do
I'm mindful of my rivals, I can
Smell em when they slide through
? my arrival, they won't even get a side-view
Won't know that life is over
Til I'm standing right beside you
It's not that I don't like you, motherfuckers
I despise you. The other different pedigree
Not cut from the same cloth, stay G'd up
From the feet up, while your heart pump duck sauce
I love it when they tough talk
My guns love to bust off, but every time
I squeeze they call police, they bus me up north
Sinister the finisher, they label me a menace
And got mad when I laughed at the judge
During sentencing, not glorifying prison but
I'm built tough for bidding
It's survival of the fittest shit
I living in ? every hour to the second
I'm gaining my respect
Never catch the guard in the yard
Sharpening the weapons, got shooters
On demand, new crews for the Clan
Sticking everything moving, more loot for the fam
Ain't a damn thing changed, just say the name, bitch:
Wu Tang




Freedom of speech, watch how I reach my potential
I still know hunting for, dope tracks and instrumentals
Travel the world, found black diamonds in the Everglades
Fought Temptations, slap-boxed in The Devil's cage
Globe Trotter, spot-rusher, I bust in your mouth like a Gusher
It's Wu Tang motherfucker!
I ain't mad , I cock My music in the chamber
I'm God's gift; heard I was born in a manger
Danger! Cosmetic face rearrange you
Leave you slumped on the chestboard found by a park ranger
Burst of adrenaline, bungee jump off of the Verrazano
I skydive in some sky-blue Ferragamo's
In the streets heavy, my charms chunky
You damn right I fuck fans
And I keep the munchies


Loose cannon
Forty-deuce flicks to Paris, way back at the Palace
Like Mike Harris
Callous
Fly nicest, metallic, bang mallets
Fly your whole carriage to Paris
The Black Pat Garrett
Carats on Donna Karens
Guys die trying to drive the McLaren
Islamic, burn chronic out on the terrace
Angelic body lie cold without spirit
My finest hour, you sacrifice to a higher power
Fly from the tower, I fly sour
And buy powder, .40 cal give your pal a shower
You shit in your new Calvin Klein trousers
The night prowler, your life is ours
Knife your Eddie Bauer, leave you
Push up flowers
You ain't counting chip-counters
Niggas is pimps your bitch shouted
The 650 get cloudy


When it comes to beef I don't discriminate
We dudes black and blue, smack on crews
Like they're food, taking space up
On my dinner plate
Depending on my mental state
The mood that I'm in'll make me charge like a bull
Pull the tool out and ventilate you
Sinner taste you down
Make your crown face your frown, full of
Rounds from the pound that detonate when
They penetrate
Tell you always been a snake
You don't move like I do
Imitators hate the fact
That they can't do what I do
I'm mindful of my rivals, I can
Smell em when they slide through
? my arrival, they won't even get a side-view
Won't know that life is over
Til I'm standing right beside you
It's not that I don't like you, motherfuckers
I despise you. The other different pedigree
Not cut from the same cloth, stay G'd up
From the feet up, while your heart pump duck sauce
I love it when they tough talk
My guns love to bust off, but every time
I squeeze they call police, they bus me up north
Sinister the finisher, they label me a menace
And got mad when I laughed at the judge
During sentencing, not glorifying prison but
I'm built tough for bidding
It's survival of the fittest shit
I live it every minute every hour to the second
I'm gaining my respect
Never catch the god in the yard
Sharpening the weapons, got shooters
On demand, new recruits for the Clan
Sticking everything moving, more loot for the fam
Ain't a damn thing changed, just say the name, bitch:
Wu Tang




Roads of glory, praising me the same
Winds of fury, cycle in the rain
Cycle in the rain with the span of time
Through the frame of mind the winds remind
Roads of glory, praising me the same
Winds of fury, cycle in the rain
Cycle in the rain with the span of time
Through the frame of mind the winds remind

(If any) body (knew that) time would
(Sit to) show me (in the) time would never start anew
(If any) body (knew that) time would
(Sit to) show me (in the) time would never start anew


Ayo, revenge is sweet, that's why I take my time with it
Like good pussy I just stay when I'm up in it
Evil plan, my mind functions well off spite
I don't do that tit for tat, I blow your shit up like dynamite
Take my life, I'll take every one you love
Have your kids thrown out of a plane, 'look out cuz'
My plots are like movie scripts, they well planned
Snatch you off the land and drop you off in the sahara sand
So don't scam me, don't try to double cross me
My Tennessee goons'll nail that ass to the cross, B
Revenge mode, I live life by the sword
And if you live by it, die by it, I'll still kill your horse
Set me up, coming back, like a thief in the night
I'll have a suicide bomber pop up on your flight
You couldn't take my life, my mask done resurrected
And I'm Ghostface Killah, way more than you expected


Those who fear his return
Must face the catastrophe


Yes, but what they didn't expect, a hundred ghouls
From the projects armed and masked with flamethrowers
And gas'll blast anything, hung him by his tongue ring
'til he gave the info on how we find his kinfolk
Made him sign the ransom, then gave the note to his grandson
Bust the shot and made him run fast
Back to his family, news of his discovery
Would set off a chain of events that would
Then lead to members of DeLucas to bleed with no exception
They sip the raw mussles so kill everything
No exception to the media
There would not be a retire or cease fire 'til every Luca has expired
In entirety, wishes of the god
Tone Starks to eternity, respectfully


Cutthroats, murdersprees, and killings were synonymous with his gangsta life before his passing. So it'da only seem fitting that it would become the embodiment of his new life


I keep having flashbacks of blasting at you bastards, cutting outside the benches
Got convicted of the gun charge and laughed at my sentence
Four years, five flat post-release supervision
For niggas spitting in the wind, but that's what I get for missing
So soon as I hit the bridge again, niggas is finished
Ninja mode on a mission out to end your existence
Think I'm sitting up in prison
With a tin of L, in a cell, sick ass hell, listen
Everyday is like christmas, I miss my seed and my missus
But I see em on visits, I ain't stressing over pussy
Beat my dick to her pictures
When they free me I'mma see you, leave you food for the fishes
Hope the Luca crew is in for the fixing
Now get the henchman, line em up
Tommy gun em down, the muzzle extension
Tear they flesh off if one of em flinching


Those who fear his return, must face the catastrophe
The Catastrophe

Those who fear his return, must face the catastrophe
The Catastrophe
The Catastrophe




Did you feel the wind this time?
Did you see the moon light shine?
Cause the twilight seems near
But the light shines nowhere
Do you feel the cold wind's blow?
Did you see the darkening glow?
Cause the twilight seems near
But the light shines no where


She was amazing Carmela, caramel complexion
And God brought it into my life as a suggestion
We clicked, I liked mink, she liked iced out rings
The finer things in life, together we shared drinks
Vodka and cranberry, my little cherry
If I got locked, she would fill up my commisary
It was magic, I felt the bond between us
She was a jelly to my peanuts, Mars to Venus
The Earth to my sun, moon and stars, we added up
Mathematically, it's like I had a bad habit, B
She knew my lifestyle, chick of a crime boss
She would hide my guns in the house then lie to the task force
Finished my sentences, knew my exact frame of mind
Knew everything I had was hers and she was mine
We were crazy in love, couldn't get enough of each other
The center of attraction, we were made for one another


Nah, don't even fall for that Caucasoid
She got your drink laced trying to turn you into an android
She's not your peanut butter, more like a fucking nutcase
You all googly-eyed De Lucas mob watching your place
They pulling trains on her, beat and rape, cum in her face
They got the drop on you, son, you're a fucking disgrace
You think God sent her? Nah, it's the devil instead
They got plans for you, Tone, they want you dead, dead, dead
So get rid of that cherry pie pie, she mad poison
Tu carajo, they got to bring the boys in
Yeah, dun dun, DeLucas mob want your head on a platter
It don't matter, son, all your dreams is gonna shatter
They trying to get at ya, she got you caught in a rapture
Nigga, wake up, y'all aren't even made for one another
She a snake, Logan gone get you sprayed, brother
It's a set-up, seen it before, Doofie got wet up


Nah, you're paranoid, man, your mind getting the best of you
She would never set me up, or lace my drink
Watch how you're talking, you know I keep heat in the mink
You're dead wrong, confusing her with one of your hoes
She's a ride or die chick, believe me, a nigga knows
I'm the el capitan, put this whole squad together
Keep talking bro, I'll put one in your leather
Ballcap, Logan'll do the hit, now that's better


Ah, man, come on, Tone
You sleepy eyes, man
I told you before, son, yo
You gotta stay focused out there look
Look out the window, man
DeLucas mob, son, you know who they are
Them same motherfuckas, yo, I've seen her with the niggas before
She's a set-up chick




Well now I dont mean to be dippin into yalls business
But Ive been listening to you dudes talk about womens
And I wanna run down a little somethin to you


Yeah, this my angel right here
She was amazing Carmela, caramel complexion
And God brought her into my life as a suggestion
We clicked, I liked mink, she liked iced out rings
The finer things in life, together we shared drinks
Vodka and cranberry, my little cherry
If I got locked, she would fill up my commisary
It was magic, I felt the bond between us
She was a jelly to my peanuts, Mars to Venus
The Earth to my sun, moon and stars, we added up
Mathematically, it's like I had a bad habit, B
She knew my lifestyle, chick of a crime boss
She would hide my guns in the house then lie to the task force
Finished my sentences, knew my exact frame of mind
Knew everything I had was hers and she was mine
We were crazy in love, couldn't get enough of each other
The center of attraction, we were made for one another


Nah, don't even fall for that Caucasoid
She got your drink laced trying to turn you into an android
She's not your peanut butter, more like a fucking nutcase
You all googly-eyed DeLucas mob watching your place
They pulling trains on her, beat and rape, cum in her face
They got the drop on you, son, you're a fucking disgrace
You think God sent her? Nah, it's the devil instead
They got plans for you, Tone, they want you dead, dead, dead
So get rid of that cherry pie pie, she mad poison
Tu carajo, they got to bring the boys in
Yeah, dun dun, DeLucas mob want your head on a platter
It don't matter, son, all your dreams is gonna shatter
They trying to get at ya, she got you caught in a rapture
Nigga, wake up, y'all aren't even made for one another
She a snake, Logan gone get you sprayed, brother
It's a set-up, seen it before, Doofie got wet up


Nah, you're paranoid, man, your mind getting the best of you
She would never set me up, or lace my drink
Watch how you're talking, you know I keep heat in the mink
You're dead wrong, confusing her with one of your hoes
She's a ride or die chick, believe me, a nigga knows
I'm the el capitan, put this whole squad together
Keep talking bro, I'll put one in your leather
Ballcap, Logan'll do the hit, now that's better


Ah, man, come on, Tone
You sleepy eyes, man
I told you before, son, yo
You gotta stay focused out here man
Look out the window, man
DeLucas mob, son, you know who they are
Them same motherfuckas, yo, I've seen her with




This guy is a bulldozer with a wrecking ball attached
He'll leave a ring around your eye and tread marks on your back
He's an animal
He's hungry
You ain't been hungry, since "Supreme Clientele"
Remember what you first told me when I took ya in
You wanted to be a fighter (Yeah!)
You wanted to be a killer (New York Stand Up)
You wanted to be the Champ! (Got your boy in the booth nigga)
You ain't hungry
Matter of fact I don't want you in my gym
Get out of my ring, you disgust me

"Just Blaze!"


Godzilla bankroll, stones from Sierra Leone
Yo I ain't got it all, that means I'm barely home
Trailblazer stay balling with vengeance my arts
Is crafty darts, while y'all stuck on Laffy Taffy
Wondering, how did y'all niggas get past me?
I been doing this before Nas dropped the Nasty
My Wallos I did 'em up, them bricks I sent 'em up
My raps y'all bit 'em up, for that now stick 'em up
10-4 good buddy, Tone got his money up
Worth millions, still bag your bitch looking bummy what
Y'all staring at the angel of death
Liar liar pants on fire, you burning up like David Koresh
This is architect music, verbal street opera
Pop a Tec mad fluid, got the projects booming indeed
I ran through the Tunnel, terrorized speed
That's when I was still in the jungle, slinging that D

*bell rings*

Who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond in the Octagon with two razors
Bet y'all didn't know I had a fake arm
I lost it, wild and raw before rap, I was gettin' it on
Took a fat nigga out in like 40 seconds
My gun get hard wit a 45 steel erection
Eagle on, Kangol half-slanted, Coconut Ballys from Morocco
Guerilla medallions like Flavor Flav clock yo
Niggas want me dead but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out like a hysterectomy
When beef collide look on the flip by the penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging
Frauds is left in they draws on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga resemble Keenan Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place dirt poor rappers get shadow boxed for training
Y'all still eating bacon

*bell rings*

I'm like the deuce of diamonds cutting spades on a glass table
Half a mil' on my left ankle
Terrycloth Guess shorts, robes is comfortable
Bring me a nice bitch, that means I'll fuck with you
My swagger is Mick Jagger, 'stones' is 'rolling'
Prestige is cut to a T, spark when weed went up
The coca leaf is slightly damp
Sprouting in the backyard next to Gram Dukes' tomato plants
And jets get chartered, marquee shit with the cars on it
The haters, they earl, run to the toilet and vomit
Back East, I'm a MC king since Cuban
Pretty Tone, Iron Man, Bulletproof and Supreme
Kufi on, double deuce in the jeans
My man shape was on the floor with the mother lode, both of them green
IBF, WBC, cruiserweight, title shots, and rap belts belong to D.C



"Just Blaze!"


Godzilla bankroll, stones from Sierra Leone
Yo I ain't got it all, that means I'm barely home
Trailblazer stay ballin with vengeance,my arts
Is crafty darts, while y'all stuck on Laffy Taffy
Wondering, how did y'all niggas get past me
I been doing this before Nas dropped the Nasty
My Wallos I did 'em up, them bricks I sent 'em up
My raps y'all bit 'em up, for that now stick 'em up
10-4 good buddy, Tone got his money up
Worth millions, still bag your bitch looking bummy what
Ya'll staring at the angel of death
Liar liar pants on fire, you burning up like David Koresh
This is architect music, verbal street opera
Pop a 'tec man fully got the projects booming indeed
I ran through The Tunnel, terrrorized Speed
That's when I was still in the jungle, slinging that D

*bell rings*


I'mma go hard on ya'll niggas
Dart ya'll niggas out, dropping science
To let y'all know what the kid about
I hang like the disco ball, on the floor
I'm like John Travolta, suade blazing with my chest showing
Rings and them hard jeans, please, I'm comfy in the spot
So I'm never handcuffing my queen
It's a Theodore movement, Glock-holding kids
With the chocolate boomers, aiyo fuck those rumors
Leave your chick around me, I'll get those bloomers
Bang that like Desi Arness, with the cowskin cougars
Keep staring down the eyes of the champ, anywhere in this rap shit
Punk muthafucker, I get you blamped, word life, my throat is high
See RiggaTone with the velvet mask on
Cleaning his glass arm...

*bell rings*


Who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond in the Octagon with two razors
Bet y'all didn't know I had a fake arm
I lost it, wild and raw before rap, I was gettin' it on
Took a fat nigga out in like 40s ecs
My gun get hard wit a 45 still erection
Eagle on, Kangol half-slanted, Coconut Ballys from Morocco
Guerilla medallions like Flavor Flav clock yo
Niggas want me dead but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out like a hysterectomy
When beef collide look on the flip by the penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging
Frauds is left in their drawers on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga resemble Keenon Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place dirt born rappers get shadow boxed for training
Ya'll still eatin bacon

*bell rings*


Yeah nigga, that's right
You know you messing with a dart master right now, yo


Yo, I done walked on fire (fire), never got burnt (burnt)
Slept on glass (glass), never got cut (cut)
And broke a few nose bones, yo, let off a round or two
At certain dudes where they dropped they phones
Yo this straight crack (yeah), even my hand got tooken to jail
For writing murder, my wrist couldn't take it and bailed
They left my fingers for dead, told 'em
"I ain't have nothing to do with the writing"
Now hold you down when you be squeezing that lead
Shopping sprees, with my mans on the corner watch D's
Rolling in threes, in them purple capri's'
A gritty bop, my watch is bigger, Wallo's with the gold tassels
Your old slave, with Starkey Love on the shackle
And I stay fly underwater, my toes is iced out
Poofed the nails off, y'all faggots can figure the price out
It's chump change, ya'll bitch niggas go get my coco
Get my slippers, before I go gun ho!

*bell rings*


I'm like the deuce of diamonds cutting spades on a glass table
Half a mil' on my left ankle
Terrycloth Guess shorts, robes is comfortable
Bring me a nice bitch that means I'll fuck with you
My swagger is Mick Jagger, 'stones' is 'rolling'
Prestige is cut to a T spark when weed went up
The cocoa leaf is slightly damp
Sprouting in the backyard next to Gram Duke's tomato plants
And jets get charted, marquee shit with the cars on it
The haters, they earl, run to the toilet and vomit
Back East I'm a MC king since Cuban
Pretty Tone, Iron Man, Bulletproof and Supreme
Kufi on, double deuce in the jeans
My man shape was on the floor with the mother lode, both of them green
IBF, WBC, cruiserweight, title shots and rap belts belong to D.C




Mm mm mm, look at you, still look the same after all these years
Baby you ain't never changed, that's what I'm trying to tell you
Sun shining, you looking all good standing up there
Toes look, you know how I do ma, I lick my shits all day
You know what I mean? Word up I'm a don, sweet I chose you
Jaheim gon tell you


Ayo your smile is a hundred thou
The crystal balls on your earlobe make Oprah throw in the towel
Your eyes are power, your breathe smells like vanilla spice
Running off with grandma's yams, we held hands at Summer Jams, and watch
Jamie Foxx, around the fifth song's when I gave you the rock
Your ass was in shock, you kissed me, grabbed me held meb efore I popped
The questionm you said yes right on the spot
We moved to North ?Cack?, though the house is large
Seated up where your breasts can't fit in your bra
And if you can't do the natural, don't worry, take a c-section, I rub
Coco butter all
Over your scars
And I have a lil somethin somethin to lay me out
I promise I won't let it hit the baby's scalp
And pork yo can ever enter into the baby's mouth
Stop wobbling baby and sit your ass on the couch
Come here


Oooooh (I coose you baby)


Ayo Ja yeah, tell em daddy


I can push that whip off the showcase floor
Into these strings and the headrest store
Something a little more mature
Preparing for the future, ut it down on something with a fence, or even a door
All the jewelry stores, a pinky ring or a ring for her
Show her something I adore, what could be better
Save it for myself, or for my baby
All the kisses I can give, and people I can see
The onl one for me, the decision is easy to make, I choose you girl
Over everything




Yo, I'm so glad I chose you to hold, not wifey
I'm so glad you chose me  just like that Ronald Isley (word)
Met you at the Jaheim show, like what the deal?
I usually don't fuck with R&B but yo I keep it real
I love the way you walk and talk as heavenly ghetto
Sneakers or stelletos, if it's beef, I'm ready with metal
The way that you pull my strings is very Gepetto
You say that I'm not a real ill than I'm ready to settle
Your beauty is the subject that I love to speak on
I love every body part, from the toe to the cheekbone
On the bed, she scream harder than the beast mode
Freaking off like we grown, somebody better turn the heat on
The way my love got me walking through flames for you
I aim and I beg for you, I change and remain loyal
Ain't ashamed to give you my name cus I adore you
My earth, I plant the seeds, we come from the same soil








(Footsteps, door opens)
Why am I here?
Take a seat
(Sounds of chairs moving, sitting down)
We'll tell you why


This game was only built for cuban linx
That's why we strong, cause we take action and think
We're the one who runs the block, who bubbles the rock
You just a bitch, don't muscle in and try to suck on our cock
Over years we built the empire we have today
And there ain't no way your taking all the money we stacked away
It doesn't matter Rae, you know shit will turn around soon
We got enough fishscale to make that deal at around noon
Lou Diamond, Tony Starks; we got the holy spark
So powerful that it'll rip your motherfucking bones apart
You attacked us and we'll attack you back, that's a promise
We don't do threats, you will die, at least we're honest
True, we shouldn't have sent our guys on the hit job
I admit that all those heavy weapons prolly tipped off
It doesn't matter, next time we'll do it ourselves
We'll send you to hell, without being thrown in a cell


Fuck you. You think you fucking scare me?! You won't do shit, you couldn't do shit. You couldn't do shit when you sent those assholes to shoot me down in my own home! I'm more untouchable than Al Capone!! You're weak!! I could take anyone down, doesn't matter where they're from!! I.....


You running my patience thin with the strong arming of drugs
Fuck wit' me I'll pierce your arm with a slug
I got an army of thugs who will hit your car with a thud
Forty-Four magnum, no giving a head start when they bust
They wouldn't hesitate to kill you while you rest
It's why I run Philly motherfucker, I'm the best
So get all of your faggot feelings off of your chest
I don't feel shit, I conceal it all while smoking 'cess
Whatever happened to the days of Gary Cooper
He doesn't talk about his feelings, he just marches through like a trooper
I put so many motherfuckers into the ground
That even Allah is inches from sending me to the pound
I run from the days of Bulldogs, grab the bulls by the horn
Take care of problems like porn, fuck em', bury them in the corn
So I don't understand why we sitting here beating off
Why don't we just stab this motherfucker and leave some scars


Aren't you fucking rude, the ones I have beef with are over there, not over here. Whatchu got against me?
There's a reason why I don't like small little shits like you. You muscled into their territory, and came up to this meeting showing massive amounts of disrespect!! You think you wouldn't do the same to me?? I say fuck peace, shoot this stupid fuck


He has a point, what'll stop you from taking us down
The name's Don Cartagena, I'm the leader of Uptown
Moving drugs lowkey, front as a legitimate businessman
Sit and scan, you watch me as I make others kick the can
Like listen I got a house up in the hills
If I make one wrong move and I get fucked then I'm killed
So I understand his problems I just wish he'd be more reasonable
We're a season of bulls, he's just the most violent
But he's the man we call when we need the ho's silenced
Giancana is the leader, Iceberg is the pimp
And Sosa is the man who fronts all of the lint
I launder it through, and the duo do the dirty work
We all a syndicate, we take each others back if somebody's hurt
So we come from the same place as you
You just stepped on the wrong toes, don't lie, just say the truth
You muscled on in wrong, and the only one that needs to pay is you


You got me until you told me I needed to pay. I simply took some turf, made some cash. Those two sent men to follow me around and ambush me at my fucking house!! And the bulldog over there threatened to bury me in a corn field!!
You think I was the one who wanted to shake you down? No, I'm trying to tell you to calm down, admit you messed up!! Pay your dues, we can help you!! We can all be strong as one and last longer then in splinter groups fucking shooting each other on the streets!! Giancana will explain


Listen, give us a hot percentage and we can end this
Your like a tenant, we got Smith n' Wesson weapons for all the bitches dependent
You pay us or you pray to snub, you know that's how we roll
You play with us and make it up? Then you'll roll in dough
Wake the fuck up like Folgers bro, I got all of my soldiers
We're big cats, you small time; we at an all time prime
We moved from nickel and dime crimes to hittin' the skyline
You poison, your kind slowly kills us like cyanide
It's time to try, something different
You all sound like assholes, try treating him like a co-dependent
Your flow's relentless, I like that, I should try that
Me, I have to play it smooth and blow up like a dye pack
You heard earlier, I take care of the girls on the street
I like to get the girls that like to twirl on they feet
They charismatic, they attract the best customers
You and me are alike, we both the same type of hustlers


I'm small time huh? Obviously your wrong, otherwise you would've killed me and be done with it, not invite me to this circle jerk. As for your friend here, he seems like a nice dude. Why don't you follow him for a change
Because I'm the boss and he needs to shut the fuck up when grown folks is talking, as do you child
The fuck you say to me??!
You heard me nigga
(Loud noises of arguing, gunshots fired in the air)

(Noises go down)



Listen, they just want you to pay the restitution
It's the best resolution, we the best set to crew with
We see potential but the other brothers hate competition
You attacked first, understandably they don't want to stop and listen
But Cartagena and Iceberg can show the ropes
Me? I don't give a fuck, but peace is what I hope to sew
So basically, pay up and these guys will protect you
You have no choice, so take it, we'll drop our guns and accept you
I don't give a motherfuck, I'm not a deck you can fold
I don't care bout my death, I'm taking steps so you know
I crept down the hole, I don't like what I see
Pay money? Nah I'mma fight to the T
I was told this commission was a crime novel obelisk
I'm not afraid, I'm not shaking from the brains to the temple
You guys are obvious, maybe I should not exist
This is extortion, way too plain and simple


I say to all of you that I have been treated this day with no respect! I've made you all money. And I asked for little. Good. You won't give, I'll take! As for the Dons, they have made it very clear today that they are my enemies! You must choose between us



*The cypher, yeah you know the deal*


Shove the matches and gases right next to the burner
If it ain't about cash, then it's all about murder
Pyrex empires, who's next to die? (who's next?)
Never leaving witnesses, nobody testify
Now I'm hard like Escobar, the fuzz keep coming
We keep pushing hard, 100 Miles And Running
There's more coke than there's ever been, (ever!) yeah it's evident
The key to not getting caught is never leaving evidence
Stealth mode fighter jets, making sure my life is set
I don't really fuck with you unless you fucking writing checks
And speaking universal language of getting CREAM
All about my dolla, dolla bills, you know what I mean?, I'm eating
Break me off a piece of the cake
If not, I'll have to take the piece right off of your plate
I got a large appetite for this money in life
And I'm making moves across the border like they moving the white (move!)


The cypher, yeah you know the deal
This is our secret garden
Shit ain't real unless it's real in the cypher
Representation
Rapper after rapper
Rhyme after rhyme
Who's next?
Tony Starks
Bring it on, so bring it on


Mask and gloves, with the bulldog snub
The liquid drano with acid is next to the tub
Crack spots, my texture of bass fluctuates
Politician that spend Gs 
Lord, the gate's open, with mountains and slopes and
The Columbian perico leave rocked up it's potent
With Jiggy on the payroll, Santa Claus bags of coke
That's so heavy that his motherfucking sleigh broke
The Paris kingpin is far from extinction
The days of Tony Montana is back with a sequence
For many reasons, never seeing the precinct
Y'all could just call me obese cause I'm eating


Yeah, you know the deal
In the cypher shit is true
Shit ain't real unless it's real in the cypher
Representation
Fuck where you're from, it's time to shoot your lyrics kid
Who's next?
Swisha T
Bring it on, so bring it on


This is the time for my essence, don't try to mess with it
I'm on the track with Killah Priest, this is my final testament
I'm on my way to excellence
They feel my power and presence like  advantages, leaving these MCs trembling
Nothing's above me, I slang fifty Ps of that fluffy
Sticky icky and that Philly, turn college kids into flunkies
I'm embarking on my future of living lavish and glorious
I kick a rapper's flow, get it popping like pandemonium
I need to wrap the story up
I got a call from my homie saying he's rolling with Ghostly
I'm faded, but I'm blazing up, paper making Arabian
Amazing how I play with my verbals, I need a stadium
To show these motherfuckers they're sleeping on something epic, and
What you talking? You rappers need to just get on my level and
Take a pen, just be original, cause we're well aware
That everything you write is fictional like a fairytale (Swisha)


The cypher, yeah you know the deal
Shit ain't real unless it's real in the cypher
Representation
Rapper after rapper, rhyme after rhyme
Who's next?
Killah Priest
Bring it on, so bring it on


Peace to the seeds and the air that we breathe
The dirt from the trees, the birds and the bees, the herb from the leaves
My interest for insects was vintage
Salute to the animals that just 
Understandable, beautiful land in full
Should have built to the sun, you the only one
The golden drum, nothing exists 'till you are hung
Before brain, hearts and the lung
Before his reign, the golden heart was sprung in heaven
Credence of life, the sky seasoned with light
Shalom to the moon, you a beautiful bright
We all see you before the tomb, magnificent
We breathe in the womb, water, the aura
Before the coroner saw us 
Modern technology that history taught us (uh)


The cypher, yeah you know the deal
Yeah, you know the deal
The cypher, yeah you know the deal
Yeah, you know the deal
In the cypher, shit is true
This is our secret garden
Shit ain't real unless it's real in the cypher




Money Miggs, let's get him
I need help to plan an attack twist back these youngin's
Tired of the run-in's, these niggas ain't live
Nine years in the desert, son, they couldn't survive
We're gonna ambush. Blow out the windows, set flames
Turn the pilots on, set up bombs by the maze
Blow brains, tie niggas up to the radiators


They ain't gladiators we gon' crush 'em
Push 'em to the edge, bomb rush 'em
You know how we do. OG style I dress like the pizza man
And when they answer the door you come out the van blazin'
Flame-throwing niggas like shish kebabs


Toasty, roasty, they be like Ghost be crazy as shit
They fucking with the wrong one
Son of a gun, I make murdering fun
You took my baby, my block, and corrupted my hood
I'm a do it for my hometown, New York understood
I see laboratories, chemicals and shit
They cooking right here on the block. I'm throwing a fit
Destructo, destroying houses like wreckin' balls
Crushing your foundation you sit somewhere, inspect the fall


Chill. Back the fuck up; it's gonna blow
He gotta face full of powder and that blue-like snow
The explosion threw him twenty feet in the air
He hit the floor and his face just stuck in blank stare
Hey yo, Tone. Hey yo, Tone. Wake the fuck up
The chemical burns on his face, I wanna throw up
I hugged him, felt his heart beatin', his chest breathin'
Fuck the police, son, I ain't leavin'
Scooped him, threw him in the van and split
Took him back to the crib and shit, we gon' fix it


Hey yo, get him (I got 'em)
We gon' rock 'em
Try dealin' shit on my block, you got a problem
It's Tony Starks and Money Migg, the OG's
Schoolin' niggas in these streets with no degrees


"Yeah. That's right, nigga. What you want? (??) black ass."


I hear 'em talkin' gun talk, that's my language (language)
Hollows up in the chambers, a hundred shots that'll angle (yeah)
Soon as a nigga aim 'em, they blowin' like James Ingram (word)
Nickle plates from '88, shit'll "Wrath Of Kane" em (Kane 'em)
I'll pee on a handball court wall where they paint 'em (now hold that)
I'll fuckin' yellow-stain 'em
Them niggas out of pocket with it (word)
Buck shots, left his big man chopped to a midget (blaow-blaow)
Rippin' crazy shit, poppin' from a Civic
Warm biscuit tryin' to put this nigga Starks in a barrel
Them slugs hit the wall, I assassinated his shadow (damn)
At the train yard, my tires rollin' over gravel (yeah)
I hope I hear him step on the third rail and crackle
Now I'm hoppin' out the whip, gotta finish this
My bigger (??) about to show him what the business is
Parked trains, darker rain, ain't no witnesses (where he at?)
I swore I heard his footsteps right behind me (word, yo)
So, I turned around quick to do this nigga slimy
Nothin' but a black stray cat ran over line three (what's that?)
A homeless man rollin' cans in a shoppin' cart (oh, shit)
And then, from top of the train, came a pop, a spark
Tried to pop back but I was locked in a arch
The nigga hit his mark right on top of my heart (aw, damn)
My whole chest went numb and the pain got sharp (down)
Fell face down on the ground, saw the Timberland mark
He bopped, swingin' the gun like a pendulum arm
The silencer on the shit was like a Michelin part
Then everything faded out, became of victim of Starks




I don't want the horns, blowing..
I don't want the strings to play a melody...
(yeah, it's hip hop, it's hip hop
The mic needs to be a little bit more crystal)
I don't want to hear the good time is coming..
Don't want to hear the voices in back of me...
(youknowhatI'msaying? Cuz I'm bout to go in)
I'm not gonna hear it! I don't want the drummer..


Awwwww, Meth Tical, yo, you stepped on my corns and shit
Got the charm lit, bomb wrist, what type of arm is this?
I seen you at the Grammy's with a triple Bar Mitz'
Can I kick it? (Hell No!)
That's why she got hair in her elbows and she real slow
And uh, every two weeks she gotta see her P.O
She's a disgrace to signs, she fuck it up for Leos
Method Man (Toney Starks) the most important M.C. in the whole wide world
Is you and you hardly even know it, know it, know it..


Watch me shock the world, move the masses like a landslide
It's a lyrical stickup, everybody's (hands high)
See the bigger, picture, I'm out for the grand prize
I'm not a role player, seor, I'm the franchise


Aiyo, with Trife sweatin', every bullet is life threatenin'
And you could get a chest full of slugs in a slight second
Yo, my nine milli' pistol's really official
So you can Analyze That like DeNiro and Billy Crystal


Aiyo, it's Ghost with the sky blue kufi, smashin' groupies
Leavin' them fiend out, like New Jack's Pookie
Every line is like ninety nine dimes
Shrine Auditorium rap, aquarium's in my wall in the back


Now that you know my name, niggas know my game
If you feel me, then you know my pain
I seen you rap dudes done stole my slang, try'nna hold my fame
Ain't even strong enough to hold my thang
Wanna flow, fuck with me though, baby, I'mma try'nna see dough
My squad got them caught in the yard screamin' for C.O
Every time we blow, it raise the prize on the padrico
Ya'll niggas shoot your guns like Shaq shootin' a free throw


Spark the fluid, hop out and park the Buick
I got fiends blowin' C.R.E.A.M. like Martha Stewart
We on that up north jail shit, harder than steel chips
Ya'll niggas better bail quick, before you inhale clips


Ya'll better get low, before I let the Tec blow
Streetlife, I'mma try'nna get more dollars than Creflo
The whole hood echoes, every time my nine let go
Get out of line or steal your life like a klepto


When Biggie died, they came out with Biggie fries
Big biscuits got me over, in the streets wide
Prada gloves, layin' for thugs, prayin'
Drop a bronco buster, G-37 on the rap patient


I'mma be the shit this summer in that H2 Hummer now
Mami gotta Goya bean ass ay caramba, now
Eh boy el loco, oh no, I ain't Yoko
My hoes, I keep 'em lookin' good, right, but no dough


I don't want no horns blowing..
I don't want the -- I don't want the drummer..
I don't want the -- I don't want the drummer..



(Raekwon - sings)
I see buds that are green, red roses too
I see the blunts, for me and you
And I say to myself, what a wonderful world..

(Chorus - Ghostface Killah and Raekwon)
It's the illest little story for all the girls and boys
Wonderland you should see it, ch-yo
Animated actors that become ya toys
Once you see it, don't believe, ch-yo

(Ghostface Killah)
Aiyo, my wiz play the flute, I stroll through the forest like
Peace, pussies, trees, hello, how was your day? Have you seen the prince?
Haven't seen him since he pushed Humpty Da-Dumpty fell off the fence
The Smurfs fell out laughin', Heckle told Jeckle at min
They took my Medicaid card, he's a good friend
Bugs still sniffin', Daffy Duck snitchin'
And heard that crazy Bird took the stand on The Simpsons
Bet you "my golly, oh glory" with a story to tell
Droopy got knocked, now he Muslim in jail
His name is Abdrul, Colorful, Snow White tattoo
She used to send him mad flicks in Cash Rule
And the cat too, old girl who's clackin' her shoes
And that wicked witch broke her broom, clappin' at Scoob
It happens every night, I seen it, shoot outs in Jellystone Park
Kermit had the whip, he did from the narcs
They bagged Woody, Shaggy shot dead in his hoodie
Tweety did the Bird, "I thaw, I thought I thaw a putty"
Ghost, please you don't even want to know
Droopy Long wrote a song, like to hear it, here it go...
Ricochet Rabbit had a habit, he was savage
Bruto slapped, Magoto slapped out his glasses backwards
Magilla used to come to class wit rachets
He was known in the hood, plus good for his classics
Slashes, blast four-fifths, diamond cut, hollow point tips
Big Boy bustin' out his corderoy fix
Eleven, way beyond is little boy fit
Magoo, he gon' catch him at the teachers' conference
So later that week durin' open school night
Everybody there, saw open school fight
Blows is big, Olive Oil was pissed
The wolf was too, they murdered one of the pigs
He said, "What great big heat you have"
He replied, "Fuck my gun I'll eat you fast"
He said, "What great big teeth you have"
"Mothafu- you better look at all the beef you have"

(Chorus)

(Ghostface Killah)
After that though, Jerry, Tom's the cat, Ruther Rats
Riff Raff, courageous cat, Jossie and the Pussycats
Porky Pig ripped shag, Elmer Fudd's double snub cartoon gat
Had sat in the back of the Hat, the hippos had O's
Wilma had fucked Johnny Bravo
Richie had his shit snatched then yapped at a live show
That bitch dollar boated yo, Astro screamed on Dino
That's what he gets for ass-betting Snoopy C-low
Goofy had kilos, big hole in his nose, wind blows
Heard he was Moe, and showed how he rolled
Peter Pan's the man, he heard Grammy was blood-ed
She shot Ms. Piggy, she's superior on her set
Pippy Long Stocking had it poppin'
Her and Barney had an army out in pink house, the shit was rockin'
Guess who got rich and bounced? Scrooge McDuck, he had an ounce
Ain't no money out in CandyLand, we out...




Do you wanna see it?
Do you wanna see it?
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya

New Ghostface!


Yo deep in the trenches
Wig, young black green beret
Chrome laser guns blazing at spades
Wallabies, cherry noose, kool-aid
10 niggas call it Tai-Chi
Black blades, one hundred dollar seats
Hold up, we at the opera
Queen Elizabeth rub on my leg
Had ketchup on her dress from a whopper
Chunky ass necklace
Must be her birthstone
John Paul cop the biggest stones outta Rome
So Charles, eyes up on her prince
Fucking with Diana
Two rows across, Dirty giving hickeys to Vianna White
Fingering Pamela Lee
We on the balcony
Dare one of ya'll to Malcolm X me
Somebody might catch a Kennedy
Yo let me adjust my lens
Through these binoculars
I paid 5 g's sliding off like Kid Vitamin
Viking
Patriot of Broad Street
Bet you think I'm laying like a hyphen


Tony Starks make the narc's dogs bark
With the Benz parked
Up against the boulevard
Starks had the bone sparked
One cop tapped the window glass
Like a cymbal crash
"What the fuck son! You trying to break glass?"
He flashed his badge
"License and registrations"
At that moment
His fat partner started chasin'
Chicken heads they was racing wit' they hearts pacin'
For snatching gold
Trying' to dip into the god's basement
Our location
Lead steel shed spread
Cracked shorty head
Left sweetie there for dead
Ghetto poodles
Fingers sticky from cheese doodles
Starving' for a 50 cent bag of Oodles and Noodles
Neighborhood sick wit' it
Clinton 'bout to cut WIC
Maybe one ya'll rich rap niggas need to politic
Reach for the sky
They throw bleach in your eye
Don't teach you why
You be keeping 'em high
Dipped like an Oreo cookie
In cold milk, bold silk
Gold-filled cap, Wu wear hat
Low tilt
True Islamic
We speak verbal rhyme phonics
Why ya'll trying to change this hip hop to technotronics?


Don't go against the grain (the grain)
Don't go against the grain (the grain)
Don't go against the grain (the grain)


Girl!


Because of you I'm hurting
Within my within my heart
I know it's not right to be flirting
But a relationship has to start
You're the one that I'm clocking
It's time for you to start jocking
Don't want you to see me cry
This is why this is why this is why


I met this girl named Rhonda from way down yonder


Hey yo god don't fuck with her!


I met this girl named Liz she was all in the biz


Hey yo lord don't fuck with her!


I rocked a ho named Tina from the heart of Medina


Hey yo kid don't fuck with her!


Yea that girl Kit Kat she got the good poodle cat


Hey yo nigga you better fuck with her!



* Dhani Harrison & John Frusciante play guitars


Shh, shh, shh, shh, Wu, Wu, Tang, Tang


The joy the flowers bring me
The pain still has me sinking
All while my heart gently weeps
Your smile has got me shrinking
The tears in your eyes are twinkling
Because the heart gently weeps


Snowy night, fiends basin', A Raisin in the Sun was amazing
The joint on the dresser, a gauge went off
Jumped up, fish tank, it fell, and they stuck
They shot her cousin LaVon, he owed a buck
Willie was awful, pulled out the ratchet, let off two
Grits fell on his leg, Kiana ripped the cold bowl
He violent, an Island nigga with the talent
Of six killas who just came home, from straight whylin
Robbin everything in Macy's, Lacy, short haircut
With long arms who fuck niggas, got four babies
Yvette jabbed her, slapped her wig off, ran in the crib
She did the dumb shit, my nigga then clapped her
Lester, smoked Chester sister Vest, I heard it was a mess
They ripped the apple out her throat, blessed her
Hungry hyenas from Medina, all "A-trainers"
Who got reluct', think fast and blast from Beamers


Yeah, yo
I brought my bitch out to Pathmark, she's pushin the cart
Headed to aisle four, damn I got milk on my Clark's
That's what I get, not focusin from hittin that bark
My mouth dried, need plenty water quick, I feel like a shark
In the aisle bustin them paper towels and wipin my Wally's down
I stood up to face a barrel, he's holdin a shiny pound
It's him, he want revenge, I murdered his Uncle Tim
I sold him a bag of dope, his wife came and copped again
{*singing*} That bitch is crazyyyyy
And uh, she brought her babyyyyy
She knew I had the murderous smack
It killed her man though
Now I got his fuckin' nephew grippin' his gat
You's a bitch - {*singing*} you better kill meeeee
You know you're bootyyyyyy
You pulled your toolie, out on meeeee... motherfucker
First thought was to snatch the ratchet
Said fuck it and fuckin grabbed it
I ducked, he bucked twice, this nigga was fuckin laughin
I wrestled him to the ground, tustle, scuffle, constantly kicked him
He wouldn't let go the joint, so I fuckin bit him
Shots was whizzin, hittin Clorox bottles
Customers screamin, then the faggot ran out of hollows
I had to show him what it's all about
Next thing you read in the paper, "A man who came to kill gets knocked out"


I don't know whyyy-hy-hyyyy, nobody told you
Man's not supposed to cry...
Though we're just babies, and it's so crazy
How tears of joy bring so much life


Yo, ayo, yo, yo
You on your way to the store nigga grab me a Dutch
I'm mad as fuck, my dude
My count was short when I was baggin it up
Now I need liquor, nigga pass me a cup
What's up with Officer Brown?
The other day he tried to shackle me up
He killed Kase and now he hasslin us
This motherfucker got balls
Even the gall to try and pattin me up
Time to re-up, let these niggas know we back on the block
With three hundred off a G-pack, crack in the spot


I don't know whyyy-hy-hyyyy, nobody told you
Man's not supposed to cry...
Though we're just babies, and it's so crazy
How tears of joy bring so much life


The joy the flowers bring me
The pain still has me sinking
All while my heart gently weeps
Your smile has got me shrinking
The tears in your eyes are twinkling
Because the heart gently weeps






Straight up nigga, I'm a money nigga man
You know what time it is wit me, yo
That's right
Take the track, cut the heads off, split it down the middle man
Take the bones out man for real
Yeah all applepie yeah
Straight up, Flipmode BK king


It was the best heist since ice
Precise rituals
Skated outta Jacob's wit the Fruit Loop jewels
Holdin a navy blue uzi
Krush Groovin waves off the atlas
Coolin, that's how we make movies
Basketball gun brawlers, bounce
Black down 'bill-a-head banks, Malibu colorful shanks
That's the way we live, Staten Island kid
O-Doggin' it, the thug vaccine wit no pork in it
Vivid imagination paper chasin
Dufflebag swollen, we holdin
Drink chocolate milk before we roll in
It's like that ya'll, we gangstas
Stickin all you Bay Ridge Benzes
I'm out to get erect, terrific shit be the diamond district
Tiffany's, pretty Valentine brick is on the second floor balcony
Gems is magnificent, diamonds is cryin
"Busta Rhymes take me, nevermind them!"


Aiyyo caught em at the ice pavilion
Dressy, salad bar style Nestle
Four white niggas, covered in vest pieces
Think like a mob flick
Guessin like Patsy in the mask, piece bust
Got aggravated, slapped the glass piece
One nigga beamin, faggot ass
Lay on the floor ya fuck!
Tied his broken arm to his Hush Puppies
Wrapped around trauma, everything realer than fuck
Tajuana left my nigga niece live comma
Three young Italians, suited down personal style
I'm in valour white designin on the 'dallions
Felt like some crackers was in back of me
Spit on the clerk, pass the Harry Winston set
Ghost backin me
Bust a shot, motored
Four mill in paper work Lord
We get together once more before we blow this
Murdered nobody
Left em all baseball'd down, brotha
Three wicked ass 6's, Gucci colors


MONEY! Drop dead on the floor
Nigga, pass the keys to the door
Pass me all the cash in the drawer
Or I promise you'll be payin the price
Feelin like a nigga died twice
Execute the world's greatest diamond heist
Ya'll niggas know we out to get this MONEY!
C'mon MONEY! 7x
Raekwon, Ghostface, Rocky Marce C'MON!
Let's get this money nigga


Yeah we ?near the mind? out west
Somewhere in Africa
The Feds is after us, vest on my back
Whippin the Acuras, feel like a mac bustin
A rug in Preston on percussion
I'll bust in your gate, nigga it's nothin
A hail storm, ice rainin, mind containin
Info, nigga what you in for? Complainin
Sick bars deep in this language
Did I tell you how my day's spent?
Speakin through the face of Ronald Regan
Iceberg History, calligraphy
Colidescope colors, hollow-head shells and flarin gunmen
Hate to see me comin like gray skies on day of judgment
Makes you wonder where the love went
Hit a nigga, feed him to some buzzards
Put up numbers, plus I'm one to push his mug in
We duck in the safe, check what I'm huggin
Rocks the size of some shit, out in the congo
My arms full, let's get the fuck out, Busta I got you


Aiyyo we do great study on fossils and stones like archeologists
Gem-ologists, collect the most priceless ices anonymous
Canary stones yellow like a pumpkin
Dunkin Donut precious size stones make me wanna cut the safe open
Rae pass the blowtorch, Ghost brought the dynamite stick
Marciano brought a chisel wit an ice pick
Princess cuts, invisible settings
Plannin the world's greatest diamond heist playin a tune by Otis Redding
Icicle cones hang from the ceiling just like stalagmites
Time to throw on a skully and tie a rag tight
Throwin light went off and in the basket
Grabbed the necklace from off the satin pillow while the glass casket
Ice lay across the crushed burgandy velvet
Up in the diamond slide-tray
Gun in your face, slide it right away
Roundtable with Habib, Mirishnokof, and the rest of them Jewish niggas
We got them niggas drunk and talkin foolish see
You know the way we straight manipulated the shit
We swindle them niggas for all their precious things before we skated and shit
Yeah, ya'll niggas know we skated early
Disguised ourselves as Hasidic Jews and even left my sideburns curly
Bounce to Mexico and spend some pesos
And bury the diamonds on an island your never heard
Like Turks and Caicos
Everytime we hit, we in and out quick
Don't be surprised if we behind supplyin niggas all the platinum and shit

MONEY! 17x

Yeah, the world's greatest jewel heist
Thoroughly and successfully executed
By none other than Ghostface Killah, Raekwon the Chef
Rock Marciano and Busta Rhymes
A job well done fellas, very good piece of work



(Raekwon)
This Nigga just bought eleven machine guns
And he brought them in my crib

(Ghostface Killah)
Glittered out, stout face, tec, Rae up in the Hilton
Heard Nia Long is in the building
Penthouse fashion, ordered out room service
It looked bugged cause the waiter looked nervous
Lift off the lid, seen two shiny thirty-eights aimed at the kid
What I do, duck!
Rae up in the shower singing
Son don't know that it's real
Coming looking like he about peel something
In a tight jam, red down, matching like santa
If I could just reach my hammer
He bust two shots, I played mice
Ran to the spot were the sun was at, quickly he was blinded by the ice
That's when Rae ran out of the back
Towel on, soap on his arms, spit duke around, fell on my lap

(Raekwon)
Yo, what the fuck happened?

(Ghostface Killah)
It was a set up to get wet up

(Raekwon)
Starks you're bleeding

(Ghostface Killah)
Nah, his blood fucked my white leather up
Ten G's down the drain
Yo hurry up, we got to get him up
Get the sheets son, let's fix him up
Lock the door, turn the TV off, your kicks is near the light switch

(Raekwon)
Just give me two minutes to iron my shirt, find my ices

(Ghostface Killah)
The hit came quick
Hit the jack, star six
Ghost

(Raekwon and Ghostface Killah)
Put down the phone stupid
Wipe off your prints

(Ghostface Killah)
Rae ran hysterically
Slipped on soap
Landed on his back, with his gat, now that's dope
We got three minutes, nobody seen shit
Somebody might have heard shit
Singing on some Martin, were my momma bird shit
Fuck your socks, that's when we heard the door knock
Everything all right? Partying son, balloons popped
Threw this dude under the bed
A half dressed Raekwon, swallowing diamonds
Had money in juice up on his wedding day
The phone rang off, the tea kettle blew, wifey hitting me
What you want sweaty, lima beans and kidney
Trashed the beeper, slowly I reached for the reefer
Throw a Costa, peep oh son the house keeper
Soap suds dripping from his nuts, cut up gut
Praying how me make it out the telly untouched

(Chorus - Ghostface Killah)
Fuck it, a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
Caught up in the grimy shit
Finding two days later a murder and we got to make this flight shit
It was a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
A Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer

(Raekwon)
Ayo, the pressures on, sonny got murk
Its time to move fast
Ayo, Deini it's on, check out the news flash
Flew out the next day, back to the Tony estates
Blew on the first class flight to L.A
It ain't take long, I pulled a few strings on the horn
So where it came from?
That nigga we stuck and took the caine from
We should have killed him when we had him
Yo I was holding a Magnum
Yeah we bagged him, but we let him slide in the wagon
His bad little brown ho, from out Chicago
She move his cargo, good at handling Roscoe's
We had our eyes closed God, we should have seen it coming
He should have seen me coming, running out the shower gunning
Now that I figured it, she put the waiter on
It all came to me, in back of my mind, just like my favorite song
Dawned on me later on
By then the day was gone
How dare this nigga even think that he could take us on
Smoke the Cee Allah
Sent the kite through the Pens
Him and big Dan
Known to split wigs, with razor sharp gems
Giants from Attica riots
Halls is quiet
CO's with babies on their arms look tight
And this nigga from down state got shipped up north
Stocky young fella, running his lips on how he set it off
Then heard that shit, plus got that kite
Money got murdered in his bunk that night

(Chorus)




Yo roll, yo' roll
My roll, my roll
Aiyo Maurice go to the store for me son
My roll, tell that bitch Keisha come here
Tell that bitch Keisha come here man
(Two dutches, hollar, hollar)
Niggas rollin' for money over there dunn
(It's on a breathin', it's slice on
I want that honey's bracelet)
Gettin' it over there


Aiyo what's in it? Three M's in the bank
Shoot it, oh you gotta stop?
Six bitches, to the top
A four and better, beat the five
I looked him in his eyes, grabbed the dice
Son I'll five 'em better twice for ya fuckin' life
Money feed good, all downs is a bet
Meanin', any money on the ground is a bet
Open up the pool, get a dicin' room
Aight bitches, use Pampers, girls need a nice room
That's a six, I told you that bitch ain't claustrophic
If you ass-bettin', you just bet yo' ass
Nah, I got the money, I even got one wit' me
And 'Von bring it too, he on his way to come get me
He just hit me, he'll be here in fifteen
With them two things, grey Benz and maroon seats
I got a quarter-mil in each of my first sleeves
The rest is in my longjonhs, boots and jeans
Come in the buildin', before I pay I wanna see a three
Come in the buildin', nigga


Pop your collar (do whatever you do best)
Just pop your collar (up the ladder to the hill of success)


Aiyo, aiyo, aiyo, he had three down and bet three M's
So you know what happened to him
He got three rounds, we all ex-dealers
Ex-killers, we gon' ride to the death for the skrilla
I hold my own and rep my niggas
Always oil my guns and inspect my triggas
Sometimes I call my lawyer just to check my figures
He told me not to worry, all cheques is clearin'
So fuck my rhymes, I got the best appearance
And I survive through project experiences
You wanna roll dice or roll and ride?
No matter, you gon' get holes inside
See you fuckin' with Theodore Dieni
You fuckin' with a metaphor King Pin
You fuckin' with him? Wu-Tang
Wu, you fuckin' with them?
Dun, do you wanna gun to make you slim?
So I'mma pop my collar, get my dollars
Pop all parlors and fuckin' with money scholars?
Matter of fact I'm gonna fuck with rockweilers


Pop your collar (do whatever you do best)
Get your dollar (New York, up the ladder to the hill of success)
Pop your collar (you know what we gonna do)
Just pop your collar (New York, say no more, New York, say no more..)


Let off the Jackey Don, rollin' the dice with a happy arm
Everything good, money on wood
Bank stoppers, I send them home broke
Have them all in they stash, bettin' they own coat
I takes it all, fifty and better, you make the call
Watch you break your all, big sixes cuz I'm a nigga who don't like to fall
High roller, see how my dice kiss
Push you pay me, and if I roll trips you pay me twice bitch
I rocks, believe it or not
Come broke to a dice game, step off and leave with a knot
Head cracks is all you see when I'm hot
What's in the pop? A 00 g's to the bank to the man, who got it stopped
My hand is like a gun, feel the heat when it's cocked
4-5-6 your heart drop, way deep in your socks
You wanna walk, broke your ass down the street with a bop
The drinks is on you tonight, from my peeps in the spot


Pop your collar (do whatever you do best, yo)
Get your dollar (up the ladder to the hill of success)
Pop your collar (you know what we gonna do)
Just pop your collar (pop us, do us)




"Is it much, too much to ask
Not to hide behind the mask"


Head on straight, mask on crooked
Exit stage left, with the cash gone took it
Off like a khufi, the fit was a bit doofy
He tried to get screwy, with that two for you
One two for me G, cut the cranky attitude
Wet 'em like a handkerchief on a stanky fatter dude
Whether you'se a rapper or a damn singer
Once you in there's only one way out, like a gang banger
With a new crew key chain, and street name
What set do he claim for fame, peep game
Just to keep feta and stay dipped
You need it like a letter, or better a getaway whip
This old thing's rusted, encrusted
As the gold rings the old kings busted
Planning in, global starvation and fat herb
Now what in tarnation did I go and do that fer?
Stuff happens, like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings
See I told him enough, quit your yapping
The same apply to any and all chumps
The only question he had for y'all was how many lumps
Three or four, either or
Mon cheri amore, so why you need your heater for?
The super villain slid in your party for free
Want an MC, get out of here, kid, you bother me


The day I took my mask off
My face was missing for two days
For the record, G, came back a year later
A whole new identity, Toney Starks pedigree
My money green like my nickname was celery
Who is Ghost? He flashed his toast
Never wore sheets, but bulletproof coats
Oh no! The feds cried for the mask back on
Told them Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn
Few years from now, him and his pals
Before the Jetson era will rock, he'll be back summer time 2005
With a half of face iron, the other half water, look like alien science
In the summertime, you can see the face boil
But the other side, I keep lubed with the Pennzoil
Mad loyal, when the winter time come, I gets stuck with my brain all numb
Like I ate thousand icey's and frozen Pepsi's
Aquaman's pops can't water check me, disrespect me, indirectly
I seen his feet and they both lefty, he steppin' half correctly
As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet
With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hammers
Me and DOOM, always be the best on the landing
Superheroes for life until our souls vanish



Check me out
My name is Brak and that's a fact
I got a mom and a dad and they are out back
We sit by the pool and we nibble on snacks
Then we eat a big lunch and we all take naps!
Why'd the beat stop? Hey!
Heyyyyy... I got a mask too so gimme the mic!


Cheh! You're no Doom


C'mon Danger Mouse, gimme that beat!
Turn the beat around! Love to hear per-cussion!


You suck!


Turn it upside down! Love to hear it...


I know talent, and you ain't got it


I WASN'T DONE!



Head on straight, mask on crooked
Exit stage left with the cash, gone took it
Off like a koufi, the fit was a bit doofy
He tried to get screwy, with that "two for you
One, two for me, G," cut the cranky attitude
Wet him like a handkerchief on a stanky fatter dude
Whether you's a rapper or dang sanger
Once you in the zone only one way out, like a gang banger
With a new crew keychain and street name
What set do he claim for fame, peep game
Just to keep feta and stay dip
You need it like a letter or better a getaway whip
This old things rusted, encrusted as the gold rings the old kings busted
Plan to end global starvation and fat her
Now what in tarnation did I go and do that fer?
Stuff happens, like gettin' snuffed for tough tit rappin'
See, I told 'em enough, quit yer yappin'
The same applied to any and all chumps
The only question he had for y'all is how many lumps?
Three or four? either or? mon cheri amour
See, why you need your heater for?
The super villain slid in your party for free
Warn a emcee, get outta here kid, you bother me!

The day I took my mask off my face was missin' for two days
For the record, G, came back a year later, whole new identity
Tony Starks pedigree, my money green like my nickname was celery
Who is Ghost who flashes toast, never wore sheets but bulletproof coats
Oh no! the fans cry for the mask back on
Told 'em "Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn"
Few years from now, him and his pals before the Jetson-era arrived
He'll be back summertime, 2000 and 5, with a half a face iron
The other half water look like alien science
In the summertime, you can see the face boil
But the other side I keep blue with the Penzoil
Mad loyal, when the wintertime come, (what?)
I get stuck 'cause my brain all numb
Like I ate a thousand icee's and frozen Pepsi's
Aquaman's pops can't water-check me, disrespect me, indirectly
I seen his feet and they both lefty, he's steppin' half correctly
As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet
With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hammers
Me and DOOM, always be the best on the landin'
Superhero's for life, until our souls vanish




I'm eating my scrambled eggs this morning
And then I think about it
I'm the mayor of the city
Yo where you all at man?


Yo it's Staten Island, New York, the forgotten borough
Home of the wallaby champ, we stay thorough
Since the days of snatchin' Lee patches
Stitching my name in my Kangols so my outfit matches
So we mashed out Wave Street, partied on Broad
Enter the 36 Chambers and swung swords
Bug when the Force M.D.'s met the Fat Boys
Brought the ruckus like P.E. brought the noise
Slept on the ferry boat coming from L.Q
The Purple Rain in the air had me stuck like glue
We would dry out Macy's, buy 8 G's worth of Polo
See the dreaded one-sixty copping ounces for dolo
Stuffing 40's in brown bags dippin' from blue coats
Flickin' it up with new ropes, staying new ghost
Stapleton the park yeah we stay stylin'
Staten Island A/K/A Shaolin'


In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round
In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round


I'm from that 33rd, H town rider
Rep my city, my neighborhood Southsider
Out here we hustle till we touch it, it's all about a come up
If ain't no money in it we don't fuck with it
Gangsta Gangsta, now what the fuck are they yelling?
Late night hanging drug selling
This here the city of the astronauts
High as hell in the 550 smashing out like, "vroom"
I'm on my way to the room
With a white girl looking like Vidal Sassoon
All up in the bathroom digging the guts out
Five in the morning I'm boning the fuck out
The H-O-U-S
T-O-N, damn
It's like a million different cities in one
So everybody out here reppin' getting them some
We got drink, dro, dope, hoes
Niggas pulling up in ciallargo
Think fast, talk slow
Millionaires out here, and you won't even know
The H

[Chorus: The Cool Kids)
In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round
In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round


I can't stop, won't stop unless I got a flat
The flat head screwdriver reminding me that
That if I'm holding the right tools to screw in the joints
I'm good with both hands I must be from Detroit
The Motor Capital, the Capital D
The fourth letter of the alphabet
It's on in a Tigers' fitee
Bail out in the Olds' Cutlass Supreme
Where we iron blue collars and crease the jeans
Either in Mount Clemens, Six Mile, Grand River
Seven Mile Greenfield, right corner of the mitten
The home of the Red Wings, Lions, and the Pistons
First gate is for Chevrolet Detroit Michigan


Saying what up yo, what up Joe? That's what I'm Saying
I don't think they understand outside the city limits
So give me a minute to unbutton my coat
And give a cheers to the man with his ears to the fan
Cause he hear all that cold shit, blowin' in ghost shit
Go again lake front, 92 Grand Prix
Red with the gold rims, number 8 Jordans
Here we on Maxwell Street for the Polish shit
Grilled onions and no mustard
Everybody from the go already know the biz
Chuck's from Detroit, Mike's from the Chi
So it's Bulls, Tigers, Lions, and Bears, oh my


In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round
In my city I'm the mayor
But I got a key to the city everywhere
I'm like the home team QB when I touchdown
Roll out the red carpet when I come round


"Aw yeah"
"City to city"
"On the road"
"Claiming my city"
"We represent" "This city"
"As we explore around the country, and around the world in fact"
"Let us go to the new worlds together
Not as new worlds to be conquered but as a new adventure to be shared"




{Yo, up in the M.G.M. coked up}, psych
Six niggas walked in flashing they gems peace (Aight
One dark skinned nigga fifty-six inch rope wrapped around twice
Smash the Gilligan boat with ice
(They threw sign language, ordered hot coffee
{wit a danish}
Relax, whispered they, "Rap entertainers"
(Had Lizzy on, two Japanese birds with furs look good kid)
Laid back handling hors d'ourves
(It's like round three) We too black for BET
You memorize the 1 to 40 (I'm at the 19th degree
If a civilized person doesn't perform his duty, what shall be done?
Pardon me God, that nigga got a gun
Bulging out his sweatpants, check out his stance
See the side of his grill? (Look like my cousin Lance
Left hand, rocky Guess watch) Yo I think I did his Clarks
He wanted crush bone leather with the strings dark
(Now I remember) He from Bear Mountain
He and Mitch Greene shot the fair one (Near the water fountain)
Seventh round, Chavez bleeding from his right ear
Yo keep your eye on that same nigga from right here
Popcorn spilling all on Liz Claiborne
(Ghost had the fly Gucci mocks wit no socks on
Seen Deion Sanders in the back with the phat fur on)
Working them hoes with the fly Wu shirts on
Mixed drink session Dun (Pour me some more)
Chef leathered down blinking at Chant Moore
Tenth round Chavez tearing 'em down) Sweet Pea get ya shit off
(It's like blacks against the Germans) Getting hit off
(Smooth and them walked in) Brownsville representing
(They sent a bottle over, autograph blessing)
Chef, pull out the doo-doo, twist the dank - pink noodles
(Yo I'm bout to roll one) Matter fact twist two of those
(Yo they wound up stopping the fight
Steels took a point away from Chavez) Rematch scheduled on October Ninth
Rematch scheduled on October Ninth




Uh-huh, uh-huh, motherfucker, uh-huh
Yeah, I see that, I see that
All y'all fake motherfuckers up in the joint, huh
Stealin' my light, huh
Watch me, duke, watch me


Yo, check these up top murderers
Snowy in the bezel as the cloud merges
F.B.I. try and want word with this
Kid who pulled out bust a shot up in the Beacon
Catch me in the corner not speakin'
Crushed out heavenly, U.G. rock the sweet daddy long fox minks
Chicken and broccoli, Wally's look stink
He with his man straight from Raleigh Durham, he recognized Kojak
I slapped him five, Masta Killa cracked his Heini for him
Everybody break bread, huddle around
Guzzle that, I'm about to throw hair on your back
Since the face been revealed, game got real
Radio been gassing niggas, my imposters scream they're ill
I'm the inventor, '86 rhyming at the center
Debut '93 LP told you to enter
Punk faggot niggas stealing my light
Crawl up in the bed with grandma
Beneath the La-Z-Boy where you hid your knife
Ghost is back, stretch Cadillacs, fruit cocktails
Hit the shells at Paul's Pastry Rack
Walk with me like Dorothy try to judge these
Plus Degrees, sessical, rasta fiends
Getting waxed all through the drive-thru
Take the stand, throw my hand all on the Bible
And tell lies too, I'm the ultimate
Splash the Wolverine Razor Sharp ring, dolomite
Student enroll holding it


A-yo, this rap is like Ziti, facing me real TV
Crash at high speeds, strawberry kiwi
As we approach your hood, the Gods bail
See Staten Island ferryboat, cats bail
Fresh cellies, 50 deep up in the city
We banned for life, Apollo kids live to spit the real


A pair of bright phat yellow Air Max
Hit the racks, snatch 'em up, son, twenty dollars off no tax
Dream merchant tucked in the cloud, stay splurging
Rock a eagle head, 6-inch height was the bird
Monday night Dallas vs Jets, dudes slid in with one hand
Two Culture Ciphers, one bag of wet
Heavy rain fucked my kicks up
Wasn't looking, splashed in the puddle
Bitch laughing, first thought was beat the bitch up
Moseyed off gracefully, New York's most wanted cheeba hawk
Seen the yellow brick road, I stole the pastries
Same Ghostface, holy in the mind
Last seen Manhattan Chase
Withdrew the six-eight digit in the briefcase
Rawness, title is Hell-bound
Quick to reload around faces, surround look astound


Yo, yo, yo
We split a fair one, Poconos money
Gin rummy with glare, spot the lame, bit his ear
Yo, and taste a teaspoon, 300 goons, stash balloons
Locked in lab rooms, hit with the Glock, stashed in Grant's Tomb
Clocked him like a patient, his stocks fall, hustle invasion
Knowing now, we copped the block off, the chain tri-color
Freezing in velour, icicle galore
Gas station light gleaming on the wall
Cop WiseGuy jams, James Bond vans
Niggas flipped Timbs, rock boats under water, watch clams
Pose for the stand-off, mad timid
Hoping that the gun fall, guessing like lottery balls, yo




Aiyo, son, yo I just booked these flights to Finland
You still got that connect, right?
(Yeah, son, why? What's popping?)


Aiyo, son, you gotta hold me
These fake niggas killed Blake, when he was out of state
Ran up on him, blew his head off his shoulders
Just caught that late notice, got back from China
Big extortion trays with the white lotus


Nah, son, you lying


Word to my Iron


Left 'em in Colorado, scheezing a Tahoe
(Get 'em) it was my physical day, and we was poppin' bottles
Profiling with them dense eagles, new motto's


Fuck all that bullshit, it's Black Hawn Down, paint the town
Get the koala skin, german hammer, twelve shot pound


Somebody gotta, from the way that Blake was found


They wanna him cremated, they don't want him stuffed in the ground
So get your passport ready, out of the safe


Money, Purple Tape, Reagan mask, mace
Head to Virginia, get ready, this is Groundhog's Day
We on our way, fucka, muthafucka...


These streets, just keep on calling
We gotta, keep on falling
God help me, we keep warring
Too much, now fire's pouring
Jealousy, push me more and
Violence, be fits, now foreign
Then death comes with no warning

*Skandaali & Yor123 rhyme in foreign language*



*Skandaali & Yor123 rhyme in foreign language*






Generals on deck, what's up, son?
(Yeah, yeah, yeah... come on!)
Salut this (Library shit)
(Rock the belt, uh-huh, you know what time it is)
They understand and support us
(I ain't goin' out) Theodore (Uh-huh!)


Eh-yo!
Stark edition, rock Christian's
The crystalized rock got the big jewelry dealers on a mission
Slick taste of lace, I done smacked New York City
The four-fifty went poppin' when he tried to dip me
Balled out in bingo halls, reported skiied out in jury duty
Judge Judy, big groupie bitch blew me, Beigen rush Cuffies
Blast the last uzi, ship me to Africa, right? I shit rubies
True to the night and on my behalf
I threw the shotti in the glass so I could have a double blast
Duffle pass, couples, teamed with the knuckle clash, fast
Rain, hail, snow, sleet, still bust that ass
Uppercut, bad, you in the grass slumped out and ya faggot-ass man hauled ass
Slammed body in the G-Y-M, G-Y-N'
Love Doctor in the hood, fucked bitches on their friends
So, yo...


Party people, you're the reason we're here
Cuz we love the game and our music is projects
So, so, yo, hello! Makin' sure y'all still there
On stage here tonight be the almighty Theodore Click


Yeah! Yeah... yo!
I'm a little dude but I hold guns the size of Europe
Y'all niggas is sweet like pancakes with extra syrup
Whatever y'all put up, I double that
Stapleton is where I hustle at, 2-12 is where I bubble at
Yeah, I'm talkin' money-wise, you funny guys
I'm quick to yolk you up like eggs that's cooked sunny-side
Catch me at the honey hive, runnin' the strip
Gun on the hip, posted for hours, slingin' dope and power
Culture power, throwin' nitros, lettin' the pipes blow
Got remote control cars and they're not made by Tyco
This the Theodore, drunk off Smirnoff
Bit ya ear off, therefore, the drama is what I'm here for
From the block to the stage
I represent for those, locked in the cage
'Til I'm dropped in the graves, every line I spit, is like a, shot from the gauge
Move accordingly, even when I'm actin' disorderly




Who you wit?
See? See? Yo!
I'm a Don, dead form, look upon Ezekials
To the generals in my click, there'll be no sequels
Them hot ones'll crease, the vultures'll feast you
The loved ones will shiest you, gorillas will beast you
Just served fiends walkin' up the block yawnin'
Late night game, damn, forgot I got a warrant
Got in, laid down, then start snorin'
P-O kickin' ya door in, 4 in the mornin'
You blockin' my lane-lane like John Stockton
With the uttermost disrespect just like, Bernard Hopkins
Simply, it's PC within the verse
See we could be peoples later, in business, Money Comes First (First)





Sometimes I feel like he don't hear me
Sometimes I wonder, do he love me
Life is so hard for me
This ain't the way it's supposed to be
I pray every night asking for forgiveness
Sometimes ask myself is it worth it
Life is so pain, painful
Yet I'm so thank, thankful
Life won't be easy and I know that
My past is over, wish I can go back
Maybe I'll change it
Rearrange it
Sometimes in life we all feel like we've fallen
Those who suffer in life will be rewarded
Lord I hear you but it's so hard being strong
I keep reminiscing all my loved ones that are gone
He said "Son, you should know you're born to die"
I said "I do, it's just so hard saying bye"
That's why I feel like, you don't hear me
Sometimes I wonder, do you love me
Life is so hard for me
This ain't the way it's supposed to be




Walked up in the party like Riz', Ghost, Meth
Allah's on the wheels, Chef on the left
Fifty rep chin ups, the Wu rims up
Put down the Heine' for a sec, tie my Timb's up
Cake the Benz up, Starks ole'
Got the summer house crib, beats spun, murder you, than lay
Ric Flair cabbage and carrots, big exotic boat trips
The honey motion, wind up in Paris


Had a bad dream and it came to me
That I died and went to heaven, ain't have no weed
God said "Son, let me see your ID"
(Buddah Bless) gotta be right behind me
Which reminds me..


B, I'm just a thug
After hip hop, money, sex and drugs
After chicks that got money and tech's with slugs
You see the head to toe, yo, the way I dress is love
Plus them nine bang quick
And the hand game speak for itself
Like sign language, you lost and shook
Like the fish that got away, man, I'm off the hook
When these niggas gotta pay, get it off the books


Yo, knocked on a humble, slid through the system
Bag me a C-Wall, on the bench of the bullpen
My speaker for the pillow, my locked down presidents
Conflictors, for the robbers and jukkers
The buck fifty stitch zippers, if you wit us
From my Chi-Town thugs to my Killa Cali gangstas
Minnesota Wolves, Philly Six shooters
We ain't chuck potent, we off money throw up


It don't mean nothing to me
Ya'll can't get nothing from me, stop frontin' from me and
Ya'll ain't got nothing for me
I take you where you want it to be, I'm who you wanted to see
And I'm that same dude, that came through
Runnin' with the same crew, still here, reppin' all the same rules
CD's easy to move, honey say I'm easy to choose, that ain't easy to you
And I stand out, big time, y'all easy to lose
Niggas face all screwed, I'm just breakin' the news
And we do this for the cash, still keep a stash in a brown paper bag
Me and my nigga Mad, light skinned, dark skinned, we lovin', what an ass
Slow that thing down, ma, you movin' too fast


Yo, you movin' to fast
Watch P.I., throw the shit on smash
This game is high risk, player
Strictly for brick breakers and brick layers, spit razors
Jewel gem star, ball with the players, who grab the rim hard
Walk on dot, and it's the P on hard
When it's off season, I bring the pain til your balls bleeding
Quick as a Porsche speed, my niggas floss frequent
Catch us up in court reading, with a
Couple of sons, that's used to hustlin' drums
I guess that's the only way we double our funds
Everything hardcore, when we slide in the door
Wait til we go back on tour
New exclusive joint, two thousand and - and




I walk with crooks, love guns, married to gats
That cali' detach, your back from that battery pack
My salary stack, chain make these other niggas hurl
Yeah it's O and G, I'm O and P in other nigga's girl
I ain't lovin' nigga's girl, I'm just training, just banging
Just hanging, smokin' while my other nigga's twirl
(It's a gutter nigga's world) I'm all about the cheddar, man
Any problems you want, speak to my beretta, man


I was taught from young, that, live is what you making it
Stuck on the crooked road, but I was taught to straighten it
Every track flamin' it, every gat, aimin' it
Before I start sprayin' it, and then I start banging it
Strong arm, I'm claimin' it, if I bring a chick to the crib
And she ain't my wifey, then we clangin' it
Spit hard, probably cuz I'm missing my fam
If it's beef, y'all niggas better 'dip' like Cam


Son, you get mine, get knocked, and then I just get time
But I'mma hit the boy hard, just like you was a punchline
You spit, oh shit, call this here, lunch time
I'mma throw hot sauce all over that lunch rhyme
Rap for days, that'll blow like grenades
Flow so hot, it'll make 'em run for shade
Nowadays, the D's gettin' niggas, picked up
So I hustle and sit up and let God big up
Fag, they call me Betty, cuz I got that ready rock
For any nigga that's ready to go inside the baker shop
Money mean a lot so I keeps mine in the wall
You the type that get a dollar and go and run to the store
Not me, each dollar I get, I make a copy
To let y'all know, for the love of this, I was the body
Looks are deceiving, so I'm askin' y'all to try me
Man was the one, who made hand guns a hobby






Peace God (Peace to the gods)
How you God? (Studying 120 right now
Call me back at the God Hour)
The Fuck? It's just the new way of thinking
Light up the broccoli kid
Throw the relish in my back pocket
Keep your eyes open, push your seat back, just flow
That's how we doing it


Bound by honest sword take over the set, rap from here to Quebec
Throw up the TEC, crash your intellect, select a vet
Swimsuit mammal handle, yo every fly vandal go to project
Slam you like Hamill's Whitewater Scandal
Wally sandal just a sample, my niggas fertilize thoughts
Yo mad support drink a quart then bamboo
One nasty can blew, my pen sterile won't perform if I'm not lampable
Asking my man'll get you slapped down, play the anthem
Lit it who with it champagne get it, that's the ticket
Solid nines sounding like crickets snatching worker shipment
Pull her hair, long dick it, we talk right before we left lifted
Just like a long sleeve, guess who ripped it?


Projects (My niggas survive, just like a movin' target)
Projects (Where niggas live and some sell garbage that's)
Projects (Try to escape the flying shells, dodging)
New York projects (I'm living large yo, stop miraging)


Sign of the times, conspiracy to overthrow the mind
Behind every fortune there's a crime
This technique is TEC-9
Blast at any close encounter of the third kind
This be the evil that man do, we dismantle any adversary
Them niggas all thumbs and can't handle my flurry
Hear me, you jam on, you want to scare me
Don't even kid me, shit in my coat aiming at your kidney
Pressure, red hot like chilli pepper
Black 'n Decker hardware avoid the leper
Five o'clock shadowboxer, hold down the sector
Bet your bottom dollar lecture be hard to swallow
007 mark the secret agent
That macks well and gets smart through entertainment
Welcome to the killing fields with Johnny Dangerous
Headbanger boogie niggas going through changes


Projects (My niggas survive, just like a movin target)
Projects (Where niggas live and some sell garbage that's)
Projects (Try to escape the flying shells, dodging)
New York projects (I'm living large yo, stop miraging)


Suck my dick, it's the kid with the fat knob
I bust all into your face, plus it come in globs
Quick get on your knees, with your sweet pussy, let it breathe
Two fingers is all in your hole, think I can fit three
Your pink lips, spreaded and shit, let me throw my dick in
Grab my shit and place it gently on your clit
Ping-pong pussy, wide world the womb
Titties sagging, stomach on some shriveled up prune shit
Too much air in your pussy, you screaming that it's talking you daddy
Fart's breathing out your lips, splashing my dick badly
Use vinegar to try to tighten up your ginger
Almighty dick ran in with a cape, some call him engine
Lightning rod bob, black candy cane attached to God
Thick like a Great Adventure cigar, in your garage
Pregnant pussy have you fall out, like Remy on the house
Watch the teeth for sobbing my shit, you bit it on the couch
Dry pussy leave the friction burns, plus beef I hone
The condom broke, bitch you got AIDS I'm shaking in my bones



Young aggressor born into the life of crime
I would walk down the street strapped with two 9s
Bitch smackin' jackin' niggas, g-dub stackin' figures
Police drive buy I was click calckin' triggers
Jay DeLucas put me with the fam to grow
I was the boss amongst white boys, rockin' the fro
I had hoes, bank rolls, and minks by the dozen
My rise to power was quick they just wasn't
Tried to make me a made man, they fucked up the game plan
I blacked out on em and started my own clan
Black gambino, black suits, black syndicate
My crime fam was tight every move was intricate
The coke was brought in from bagged Columbian mules
Gorgeous women that I draped down in jewels
Street fights started, mafia wars in Italy
Crime fam against fam and no one can do didely
Do the dirty work
Bring in the coke by the boat loads
Go against the grain nigga, i feed nose hoes
Follow no family rules, rules are for fools
Chase the paper cause it's the cash that rules
Fuck the law of the fam
Mr. law of the land
You don't like how i'm moving then try to force my hand
I'm moving keys them DeLucas couldn't touch my pianos
Putting pressure on them gambinees and varazanos
They love my money they hate to see a nigga gettin' it
Sellin' drugs is taboo but I ain't fuckin' sweatin' it
Dirt got to get done so I took my position
One day I'm black to em with a lot of ambition
The next I got status dinners with all courses
Flights in and out of the country they gettin' nauseous
Money, power, and respect
Rise of the black suits
Talk shit behind my back but to my face salute
Hugs and handshakes they can't stop my reign
Got the coke in they collars bring the shit on the plane
It's a shame they didn't have the balls to make moves
They pussy couldn't walk a mile in my shoes

(Hook) x2




Yeah waasup ya'll, we in the building
Theordore motherfuckeer!
Yeah, Tokyo Tribe 2, Saru santa, Mushasino goonie
Ya'll niggas know how the fuck we get down, it's all real
J-Love in the building, this how we take it


I told them up the block niggas to fall back
Dope fiends is dropping, crack heads buggin off Prozack
Whoa, ghetto celeb, shark skin threads
Chicks, we dont fuck em unless we take em like three in the bed
Jumped and bagged up something heavy
Some mothers resort to getting rich off Newports
Back and forth to Delaware and VA
Yeah you can't blow, they takes hella years
Base heads taste my shit like "Starks, what the hell's in there?
Usually millionares really rare
Yellow Lamborghini with mustard suade seats with a bar in there
Even your seeds had a benatar play pen
Your moms is taken, she got shot during number runs
A visa, jeans, buck fifty when a drilla(?) come
And his sister gave birth to a killer son
And that be yours nigga, you gon regulate the globe
With your arm and your big world tours


Gun in hand, makin moves in Japan, living off land
Half a kilo in the closet, sitting on grams
TU be the grahm cracker, shells like clams
If we don't know you, then we'll blow you, only fucking with fam
Historicle name, Theodore, nigga, we be the Roosevelts
Shoot flames like Godzilla, it make the soldiers melt
Tokyo Tribe, DJ Muro, king of the digging
Crazy yen spending like ?winnin?


Diggin daddy, ammo is brolic
Fila sneakers and suade goose, walked in the joint like a paid scholer
Give me all my chedder in fives
Light blue, five fifty by the door,  i had my ho with the nine
How you feeling soldier? Fill up my glass
Threw my hand on his neck, my ring scratched him, that's six, carry smash
Of course he ain't want none, took it like a trooper, then walked this New York Nigga
?? got cash
Plus his fiends mad loyal
Seen him under the building, and after five niggas turned the
Shooters on hood soil
And the judges love him
He threw a baby in one of the cufflinks daughters, and six months later he snubbed him
Had CNN wildin, the Staten Island veteran smiling
See through Johnny ??, stomach still growling
Some Japan nigga, and the fam with him, holding some thing
I think he bought Burger King, he got strings tho




We gon talk real talk nigga
Straight up, bring that paper out man
That's the only thing we respect nigga, you gotta stay fresh nigga
And you gotta have money nigga
You put all that bitch shit to the side right now, and talk about major shit
Word up man, Icewater Inc, a bunch of dalmations man
We gona nigga, uno, my nigga Muro, DJ Muro rather, Saru hold it down
Lex Leonardo nigga, we gone nigga




Whoaahhhoahhh, oahhhohhhhh
It's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon' come


Yo, yo these streets got me backed down how can I escape?
How can I survive without bubblin weight?
It's prepared for the stand off, once you hand off
That white rock, and then give birth to a knot
Your biggest dream was to rock your 850 and beam
You and the Gods buy a crib in the white part of Queens
But at the same time, niggas on the block is ill
Some'll rock you to sleep, hap, for selling cross pills
Being watched all day like enemy's prey
Faces, you never seen before is in your hallway
Brothers you knew for years is mad pussy and scared
Back in the days U.F.O.'s couldn't walk up in here
It's time to motor, travel like a foul order
Clear my head, stay sober, the soul controller


Oahhhh, it's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon' come
Oh, yes it will
Said I'm too, tired of livin
But I'm, but I'm afraid to die
Cause I don't know what's up there
In that great big ol' sky


Sink deep into the fog, big buffalo large
Taj Mahal just got banged, shanked for eighty large
It's hard to keep up, with these key-ons, that smoke dust
In the U.S. Mint they went to rock the place and call the rush
All these shameless niggas armed with cherry-red Bally's
On the twenty-fifth, everybody rich is gettin married
Killed for power beans, your brother own schools in Medina
Vaseline lips is cracked cause they all had dreams
They overdue, these Gods own a mosque in Peru
Tropical trees and weaves where they grew bamboo
Olympic minds quick flash like a leak on
A hundred shares short to own Nissan, watch em get they feast on
Royal blue lies inside the eyes of heaven
Curse the head, who speak foul and jinx number seven (seven)
Clear my head and stay sober, the soul controller...
(Stay sober, the soul controller)


Oahhh, been a long time comin
Oh yeah
A change gon' come
Woooaahh, yes it will


Yo, yo we sit and play the wall like nine super heroes
Late for the man choose and hit socks and stereo
The kid's nice, warnin you twice, run your garmets
Jet to Providence, switch up and bag down your Parliament
Ironman is laced with a plate inside the dome piece
Go off in airports, biographies, prophecies
Watch me set it, real key-ons hold down the desert
And walk with a famous name like Supreme Magnetic
Carbon copy, I love my Akai snare choppy
Melachi off the funky pen with the wax poppy on instrumentals
Niggas get lost like S.S. Minnows
Turned out like rentals, keep gold around the denim


A change gon come
Yes it will
It's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon come
Wooo, yes it will
Said I'm so
Tired of living
But I'm, but I'm afraid to die
Cause I don't know what's up there
In that great, big ol sky
Oh my, oh my, oh my
It's been a long, long time
A long time coming
Change gonna come
Wooo, yes it will


Sorry boys
All the stitches in the world can't sew me together again
Lay down, lay down
Gonna stretch me out in Fernandez funeral home on hun and ninth street
Always knew I'd make a stop there
But a lot later than a whole gang of people thought
Last of the Mohicans
Well, maybe not the last
Can't come with me on this trip, Loaf
Gettin the shakes now
Last call for drinks
Bar's closin down
Sun's out
Where we goin for breakfast?
Don't wanna go far
Rough night
Tired, baby
Tired...


Greatest trick the devil ever pulled
Was convincing the world he didn't exist
And like that, he's gone




Good Morning, Good morning
Time to get up

Look at the sun so pretty today
It's so bright, it's so smashing
Lasting, helps out the grass and
Smile when it's morning time
Last night I wrote 3 rhymes, I woke up to see the sun shine
If, God is my witness
In scriptures and pictures
The Sun kiss scrumptious son, it's nutricious
It makes me wanna climb
Take a bite out of shine
This little light of mine
Yo, the sun could never be pussy, he always come out
He'll sit right there, even if you pull your gun out
He can never run out, when the lights go out
It's Japan's turn now, the earth has spun around
I see Yellow and Green, it's a beautiful thing
The sky's blue, 'cos the sun hit the water like "BING"
A reflection (uh-huh) and that's all it is (word)
You can't stare at him long, cos your face'll do like this


Look who's shining again
(Oh My My MY)
We've Been Rhyming again
(Oh My My My)
Ice be blinding the men
(Oh My My My)
We come through time and time again
(Oh My My My)


Check out my nephew
He jumped up in the window just to see you
Look what he drew
A car, house, always wants to be with you
He's just as Jolly, He always begging me to let him see you
I'm like "probably if you clean up, and read a little"
You make people eyes glow
You got the weather channel bugging and you stubborn when it snow
You my mentor, Mothers name their Kids after you
New slang, nothing personal, we knowin what you been through
(Sun) You roll like, one in a million yo
(Sun Sun) You always find like, one in a building yo
We those babies from day one
All I had was you on my birthday baby- think you owe me one
The way the world look when you around
Prisoners get out, look up, run at you and then kiss the ground
You my favourite, I wish we had three more of you
I adore you, plus I even go to the store for you




I would die for a sun , can being richer and cruel
Reachin a full 98, and got the kids in the pool
Isn't it cool how it spreads joy, hons lay in it
And it's hard to go back to work, when your lunch breaks finished
? before, so it's a fact I support
Feeling the warm sun rays, upon your back as you walk
The heat-driven, A theory I plung to deep living is
Souls have to go through the sun to reach Heaven
And, sensing retreat, our souls badden the scene
Madame believe, since dinosaurs, and Adam and Eve
That Sun's hovered, to the extermination of us
It's a peephole, which leads to the firmament above us


Who can take a raindrop and turn it to glee
And drawn up 6 miles, over tropical isles and bring it to the sea






Record spins, I'm going in
I don't shoot to kill, I play to win
Stay catching up with the cutthroats
Some men shoot a nigga, throw 'em off the tugboat, no floats
The body sinks to the bottom
Or left off the side of the road to smell rotten
The murder sprees, random killings
Ghostface Killah's back attacking villains, hanging from the ceilings
Godfather motives, gangsta mentality
Black superhero with the immortality
Forever, I be creeping in a black mist
Ill night vision with the militant tactics
I glide through the air like a swarm of bees
Shake niggas off quick like a dog with fleas
Raw meat, leave bodies slumped in the street
Revenge is the spice of life, it's so sweet
Ay yo, pipe bombs blowing they souls to Jesus
Don't need nothing but the puzzle glue for the pieces
Meat cleaver cut finger tips like rib tips
Home invasions, cars gonna flip, DeLucas lose
Pair of cement shoes, tossed in the ocean
Popped until they brain ooze, I won't lose
Blood all on my apron, hog tie 'em up while they try escaping
Peeped the visual, tied 'em up individual
Took their clothes off, season 'em like sausage
Let the pits out to eat 'em, that's the remedy
Attack, kill, bite off their extremities
Blood bath splash my name on my wall
Call it piece delivery, leave a tip on the stall
With an arm, leg, a head
I'm coming for you all


It's the sure shot
Heart of a lion, king of the jungle
I'm a humble killer bee, you as soft as a bumble
I don't crumble, I strike back hard with a vengeance
Attack through these killer words I spit in a sentence
I'm a menace, the black Clark Kent, caped crusader
The face of a ghost, I disappear in the vapors
You could murder my flesh and bone, soul's invincible
Revenge my death, payback's the main principal
Protect ya neck when you move, I be lurking in the shadows
Starks, the gangsta nigga, I never lose battles
Pimp nigga, with a superhero logo on my chest
Big Gucci link, GFK on the crest
Icy arm for the eagle with the eight carat ruby eyes
Piss on your motherfucking arm while I'm stupid high
All black down, royalty purple and some ice chips
Two Glock 9's pointed at you in a hype flick


Now I'm alone in the room, and I just stare at the wall
Revenge my death but I'm going through withdrawals
My lost niggas, I miss them this new power and wisdom
Got me thinking I've made a whole lot of bad decisions
Got locals still to deal with, should I kill her?
Throw her fuckin' ass in a cage with a gorilla
Or let her live and treat her like scum of the Earth
I've got goons to feed and babies to birth
I'm the God now, plus I'm a super rich nigga
Do more help than harm, either way you figure
Should I protect and serve or cock and aim destruction?
Let the enterprise take over the force of production
Corruption, my mind state is unpredictable
I'm bulletproof now, back from the dead, I'm invincible






If we leave a smart one in the ghetto, he might develop into a leader against us


Record spins, I'm going in
I don't shoot to kill, I play to win
Stay catching up with the cutthroats
Some men shoot a nigga, throw 'em off the tugboat, no floats
The body sinks to the bottom
Or left off the side of the road to smell rotten
The murder sprees, random killings
Ghostface Killah's back attacking villains, hanging from the ceilings
Godfather motives, gangsta mentality
Black superhero with the immortality
Forever, I be creeping in a black mist
Ill night vision with the militant tactics
I glide through the air like a swarm of bees
Shake niggas off quick like a dog with fleas
Raw meat, leave bodies slumped in the street
Revenge is the spice of life, it's so sweet
Ay yo, pipe bombs blowing they souls to Jesus
Don't need nothing but the puzzle glue for the pieces
Meat cleaver cut finger tips like rib tips
Home invasions, cars gonna flip, DeLucas lose
Pair of cement shoes, tossed in the ocean
Popped until they brain ooze, I won't lose
Blood all on my apron, hog tie 'em up while they try escaping
Peeped the visual, tied 'em up individual
Took their clothes off, season 'em like sausage
Let the pits out to eat 'em, that's the remedy
Attack, kill, bite off their extremities
Blood bath splash my name on my wall
Call it piece delivery, leave a tip on the stall
With an arm, leg, a head, I'm coming for you all




Uh-huh, it's the sure shot, yo, yeah


Heart of a lion, king of the jungle
I'm a humble killer bee, you as soft as a bumble
I don't crumble, I strike back hard with a vengeance
Attack through these killer words I spit in a sentence
I'm a menace, the black Clark Kent, caped crusader
The face of a ghost, I disappear in the vapors
You could murder my flesh and bone, soul's invincible
Revenge my death, payback's the main principal
Protect ya neck when you move, I be lurking in the shadows
Starks, the gangsta nigga, I never lose battles
Pimp bitches with a superhero logo on my chest
Big Gucci link, GFK on the crest
Icy arm for the eagle with the eight carat ruby eyes
Piss on your motherfucking lawn while I'm stupid high
All black down, royalty purple and some ice chips
Two Glock 9's pointed at you in a hype flick


Now I'm alone in the room, and I just stare at the wall
Revenge my death but I'm going through withdrawals
My lost niggas, I miss them this new power and wisdom
Got me thinking I've made a whole lot of bad decisions
Got Logan still to deal with, should I kill her?
Throw her fuckin' ass in a cage with a gorilla
Or let her live and treat her like scum of the Earth
I've got goons to feed and babies to birth
I'm the God now, plus I'm a super rich nigga
Do more help than harm, either way you figure
Should I protect and serve or cock and aim destruction?
Let the enterprise take over the force of production
Corruption, my mind state is unpredictable
I'm bulletproof now, back from the dead, I'm invincible




Tony for mayor.. (x4)


Catch me in a crisp blue six, deep dish
Jaws is Cris', valor stopped at the wrist
Watches involved, talk to me Trick Daddy
I liked the way you tilt ya hat up in that Caddy
Son, can't believe you the most slept on
Took a break since the Cuban, niggas lookin' like you just repped wrong
You done slipped down a bid, got caught with the hammer
Steal banners, medical examiners, clocked live hammers
For real, you a live nigga, rock the five in ya slippers
Like them other five guys in ya picture
Come on, watch, I'm the star of the show, so blow dem
Mothafucka, you ain't blew in three years
Son of a bitch, that's why I rock the big shit
Don't forget who you is, nigga, you my little shit
I will crush you to pieces, stop ya heart from tickin'
And you mad cuz you a older clock, couple rocks missin'
And my writin', the band, you can say it's ice flight-nin'
You don't like him, do you? You wanna fight him
In fact, I should've put you back, relaxed on the stones
And copped ya two-thousand leather shit, snow cones
A bowl of milk almost killed you, ah, you almost drowned in my Pops
I brought another box, I'mma keep it real with you
And I'mma murder you if ya bitch-ass get on my nerves again


Yo, Ghost, you'se a funny nigga
Turn on the radio, all you hear is X and Jigga
Haha, you vexed, nigga?
No airplay (bet my gat spray) Yeah, that's hearsay
You spray hairspray and up North, nigga, you ain't gettin' jailplay
(How you know?) Yo, it's obvious, clear as day


Hold on, let me park my shit, let me find out this nigga barkin' and shit
I'm a Don of this shit, and you know that shit I wrote with Golden Arms is a hit
My Wallos show off, go off like an alarm in the six
Drapped in yellow and I'm still poppin'
My movie life in the hood is like an ill doctrine
Beat trial with a legal aide, fuck Cochrane
And if it's on I might blow you if I'm boxed in.. {*echoes*}


Yo, yo, yo, what you doin', man?
Yo, man, chill out, man
(Don't even worry)
I'm just fuckin' with you, man
Why you.. (OK) Come on, son
We can't.. don't depart us like this, son
Come on (I'll destroy you)
Come on, man (You pop too much shit)
Come on, man, I'm just tellin' you time
(I ain't a-like that, you know who brought you)
Nigga, I'm just fuckin' with you
(Bye!)


Tony for mayor.. {*repeats to fade*}


Yo, let me tell y'all mothafuckas somethin'
(Shoot one of those niggas, Lord)
We could battle for belts, ice (Type shit)
Whatever the fuck you want to do
Let me tell y'all somethin'
This the Theodore Unit, mothafucka
We takin' the bait of this shit
That's word to my momma, man
(Staten Island, nigga, what, nigga?)
Coke, spoon throwers (Get ya money right)
(Gotta know how real do this)
Slew-footed mothafuckas, I pop all y'all niggas
Y'all niggas is fucked, straight up
We back in here now, mothafuckas
It's the fuckin' Unit, you heard
That's the Theodore Unit
Y'all mothafuckas better recognize
Aight? That's my word
(Yeah, nigga, yeah)




Yeah whatsup. Ay-o check this out y'all this is Cilvaringz
And this ya boy Ghostface we about to pop this shit off right
That's right daddy, let the beat drop
(Straight up and down What is the total population of the original nation
Hear the wilderness of North America, and all over the planet earth daddy
{Ayo Ayo Ringz! Celebrate this nigga death date! Blow his fucking brains off!}
It's us man for real. Live from the jungle, where everything is real, guard
Your steel, hold your bitch down, pay for your motherfucking bills, rock your hat nigga!)
{All swords shall be drawn}


Yo; Straight out the iron gates of Palestines frame of thought slinging
With a rock, stayed nice with the mic pon cocked!
Pops put me on to Pac, Pac put me on to rebel shots
Devil Glocks go pop. dum-diddy-dum
I learned in school fast, how to skip the class
While my grades kept flying through the roof, cheating math
Running back to class fast, went missing, fucking teachers up
Heated up, I'm on the 12 O'clock news screaming whut!
Rapper Cilvaringz signs deals with Wu-Tang and blows
Making 2 grand a show, dum-diddi-dum
Moon and Angelo and Suei in the folio
50 Countries in the box, Amsterdam to Tokyo
I guess they never wanted me to rock and get paid
The same wage they got paid working 22 days
Bloody money makes the world spin in new ways
And 'Cuda never hit that, so that shit's on you Rae


I sat around the older Gods while they built bomb niggas up
Felt like Saddam tapping on my hand, listen up
Get your money, get brains and big niggas up
Swiss look forward to millions nigga live shit up
I sat back in my zone, bone lit, I get your throne lit
Niggas I loaned, they ain't gave me shit
Fuck that family shit, you don't see us it's for no reason
I'm in the crib, wifey saying be easy
I'm all high in my motion, money make me want to grab toasters
Spray down Wall street, put up posters
Yelling faggot I'm back, you cant take nothing from the kid
I'm still getting money I'm stacked
Go whatever for the Peso, Rap Julio Iglesio
Sniff the eight in ya face and stay lacio
My ear game, popping in my gear game, fear fame
Rearrange your jaw faster than you hear trains
Test any mortal, call 'em, I'm in the hallway hitting raw autumn
Meet me in the lobby nigga see my daughter
And she gon' spray for her dad
Call a brother later, get that money out the wall, daddy got bagged
I'm going to jail for something real, can't do me nothing, still
Can't compare me to no rap nigga, fuck a deal
I get to hurting niggas, murking on niggas
It's just the network I come from, Ringz now kid reveal 'em!


Oh no It's the Wu-Tang they're back and
Oh no Beez on the swarm attacking
Oh no Just when the world looks back and
When we speak upon the mic we speak what is right
Oh no Dollar signs won't corrupt us
Oh no And justice we shall discuss
Oh no In God and only God we trust
Newest addition to the Wu-Tang Killa Bee gang
Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz


Yeah that's right, like I told you before, this is big Ghost in effect
Yo Cilvaringz, you know how we get down nigga you killing it
We Wu'd out, wallabeed out, everything is all real just keep that shit up nigga
No doubt cause we ain't going nowhere. Cilvaringz, big Ghost in effect
We signing off nigga we out, one! (Live Moroccan Muslim, you know how it go!)




Yeah... mm-hmm, yea... yea...
Yea... (what is it lord?) yo

 (Raekwon) {both}
Shootout in Stechman's, fire in the city {a block away}
(One of Rick shots hit Missy)
The reason why he did it, his tank {was on E}
(Crib got raided and lost) {about three}
Fifty in gear (ten in silverware) another sixty
{That was married to his neck, arm and ear}
Just got divorced, Stephanie left him for a ball player
Took the kids and moved to Georgia
(Should I be as a man-thinker, for every action) There's a re-action
Seeing his case, he started spazzing
Gamma len in my only Clark, green and yellow God-God
(Size nine Magic, show face, fucking with stars)
Craig Mack blowout, braided (You got the new shit son?)
Bet he find a way {to out date it}
(Timberland mineral was rusted, man made corruption, taylor made producton)
He had a seed in a Wally jumper, Ronny Bump nephew
Butt ass, balled up in a corner in a comforter
Paulette was his main wiz, she guzzled 99 bananas
Squeezing niggas dicks {in front of cameras}
(Light skin Lil' Kim, Chanel grim) One nigga hitting that
(This the shit that rich niggas dreamt
Rick brother Pazone'll be home, estimate 30 days, brolic arm) Fresh out the cage
{Do the story seem intriging? When P come home
Will he have all these niggas mouths bleeding?}


The young black, travel to mix, we open eyes on a disc
Try to resist, reviving the rich
Airbrush money when we walk, most highly paid Cheeba hawk
Checking how he walk, tell a story lord

 (Ghostface Killah) {both}
Went down like Wednesday, Lounge gave a party at the way
{Seen armor truck money, everybody pay}
Niggas in the back watching, everything butter scotch
Kelly ass, bet if they dead it, it's watch
(Moving with the New Hampshire niggas) Ride them, catering
(Sleeping with them) {sneaky ass wizzes}
(Guess who appeared out the blue? Stark Drizzling)
Stood Pazone, laying in the Ac' with two women, how his whip look?
(The shit look dressy) Bend up vest piece (you know how his vest be)
Lavender bird, two inch beak, parakeet
Name Unique, who knew the 1 to the 40 in a week
12 o'clock on the diz-nock, we went to check the moon out
{Vibes I'm getting, I have to clear the room out}
Took his hat off, spiral (Used to be my idol)
{Thirty inch telephone} (Lip to his eyeball)
Playing a Bob mood, just answer out his pocket
{Real heavy} (Like he bought his rings from Liberace)
Had his parrot with him, Unique, you see these niggas fronting in here?
(Yo P, they pussy, with one gun in here, the music stop)
{Bitches drop} Shit jumped off by the bathroom
{Aiyo, oh shit, that's Sasoon}
(P jumped up, grabbed his ratchet, felt sorry for him
First shot was ill, clapped his parrot)
Blew him off son shoulder, so many feathers had the club coughing
{That's when Pazone lost it!} (He wigged out, crying, spit out
He's living like Dead Presidents, real life, he's letting it out)
It was a shotty that murdered pop
Guess who did it? {The slick young bitches on the stock}






Get the fuck up out the spot nigga
Burn that nigga feet up man
This nigga in here man
Fuck this nigga doin' b
Black nigga in Boston by fiends you wild ass
Get this motherfuckin' giraffe ass nigga outta here man
Sheet skin socks ass nigga right here b
What the hell is goin' on man?
Light that nigga feet up son, c'mon man


I done blacked out, no man is safe, your crew is cornered
Why did you think you could step over me? I'm too enormous
Plus I heard you was an informant, cold brew sell 'em
Roll out the plastic, I'm about to catch a body on this
Low threat  I don't make those
Soak my bullets in cyanide so when they touch you, that's a case closed
Dime pieces I bag 'em, follow this pen scroll
Hoes, I don't chase those, too much drama with 'em
Not alone, I don't have time for, I'm raw, fuck a bitch feelings
I'm on some old goldie shit chillin'
Business man baby steak, be deucin' them dollar signs
Line for line, I'm dope don't mix me with Kwana
When the spike hit, it'll make flatline, period
One word to describe my grind, son I'm serious
Shank doctor with choppers, rainin' on ya militants
Guns drawn, blowing out ya back ain't concealin' shit


This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare
This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare


Later on when I die I wanna fly
I'm a warrior with my shirt sleeves
Slip me a few rounds of oreos
Can't go tilted and you just like "Ghost he killed it"
Sledgehammer, rap the whole damn Clan we built it
Brick by brick corporal dryin', the oxi work miracles
Pray for the healthy from alphabet cereal
I was taught to bang on niggas that's quick to talk
Moment of silence, bow ya head get it blown off
Rose, roxie and  background
Hammie still shootin' when the song's off
Wow wow like a dungeon dragon
Coaxed by a cop downstairs don't stop the baggin'
Clips hangin' like a strawberry, Charleston 
Strawberry shortcake, great lemonade and goo
Whether the projects or a drive by, bodies on the drog neck
Lightin' up the ass bettin' niggas on a side bench yeah
Stack chips like legos, pop up on you niggas like egos
Two hands on the draco
Hole in your back the size of a miniature bagel
Livewires with ya girls still suckin' our huevos
We back at it, stack habits, still servin' crack addicts
Louie baggin', we the baddest, 24 karat atlas
Tell 
Rock niggas bite the head of a bird like Black Sabbath


This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare
This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare


I'm nice, targets get hit whenever I squeeze
Don status, get my dick sucked whenever I please
Above the law brick, beat cases, don't cop pleads
I buy my cars, bet y'all niggas whips be leased
I'm a wolf off the loose, somebody find his leash
I'm a star, you a starburst sweeter than fruit
No kinda background claimed killer, then who did you shoot
Must've imagined that, with your far-fetched raps
Shit is real over here, say we blast on Satan
Take trips in and out of the country
Turn dark clouds to sunny, I'm livin' good, my paper got me comfy
You in the hood jokin' you wanna war with me
I get your project shot down while your land lord sleep
Now you in too deep, no turning back from your actions
You a killer then show me, if not then meet my savages
The general, I'll have my goons tear up your establishment


This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare
This what it comes to, wilin' like the west and down
In this concrete jungle, homie hope you got ya vest on
And ya weapon is oil don't it jam but if it do
Leave ya crew when it's time for that warfare




Just in case y'all niggas ain't understand what the fuck's poppin'
Wolves, Theodore Unit, hey!
That's how we doing it baby, yo


Rap's pharaoh in the latest apparrel
Plus out my barrel, bullets fly like a sparrow
Supermen brother, I'm strong and narrow
One word in my herd, bring more beef than cattle
Ghost past the toast, Solomon you follow him
Let me splat, and we dump him up in Staten
This ain't rapping, it's quiet law
It don't take too much to meet your eye of God
I'm from Boston, we don't spill no beans
It's rather infrared beams, in the myst of your team
Now, Lean Back, like Joe, then riddle
When I hold the semi, spit 'moore' than Demi
Cold and deadly, take the soul of any
Whether, young or dumb, or you old and petty
Ready, on your mark, set, go
Let your double ends up tight, boy, now let's go
Eyes wide, mouth foaming, start stere'
All you see is, Boston and Park Hill


I thought y'all knew
How we move, always carry the tool
If I don't win, you lose, thorough
In every borough, chasing paper, we ain't fucking with you
Try'nna eat? Here's something I drew


Let's go, yo we guzzle like forty cases
Don Perignon bottles, broke in mad places
Bathtubs that never been touched, we fucked in 'em
Ran trains on bitches, with condoms, Stark up, any tuck
That's right, if my gun empty, my bop get bigger
You see the bigger bulge in the leg of the Hillfig' nigga
The streets is dark, standing from the car, shoot at the NARC's
They dead meat, you see they technique, rolling through parks
There, if I gotta tell you about a real rap tale
Plants, cocoa leaves, tree popo beef, blow ya face off
Just to see what's underneath, bet you I do it
Give me five, I can rap to it
Stuck a ratchet to ya sister, like move it
This is Tone, yo, I'm fucking with a real Unit
And your brother was a real informant, I kinda like you
You got a fat ass, how can I see you in the G4




Burners, corrupt boulevards
TNT mark cars, bullets in the garage
Blitz, bank truck explosions
Soldiers hit, chronic in the ice cream truck
Big bucks, twenty two's on them Tonka trucks
When the going get tough, the tough get going
No pain, no gain, the game's still the same
Staten Island, New York, fifty hits
Bullets just appearing out of the clips
Black ghetto magic, abracadabra
You could talk that military shit, it don't matter
Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter
Back by popular demand, Sara Lee cakes and yellow capri's
Maybeline bitch with the steams
Lieutenant Solomon Childs of the Theodore
Two thousand and four Commodore, come on




Knowhatimsayinn, Krumbsnatcha, Ghostface
Holla... my nigga Solomon Childs, hey
Wu-Tang, hey, Boston...
Out for you nigga, hahahaha
Nottz you killing these niggas on the beats
God, you need to stop it, kid... haha
We at it again... one




We run the city


Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges
I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggas brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make yo' killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank
Them cats we fuckin with put bombs in your mom's gas tank

Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty 380's
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear them all out
Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fuckin real, here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five apiece (uh-huh)
Enough to cop a six; buy the house on the beach (uh-huh)
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capiche?
Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech
Think about it now that's damn near one-point-five
I kill 'em all I'll be set for life

Frank pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades
If you die they still get paid, extra probably
Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss
Promise you won't rob 'em

I promise
But of course you know I had my fingers crossed


Niggas got to die, if I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid
... if I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid


We up in the lab, two Spanish, one Arab lady
Layin on the bed, lookin like a drag
Had the pillow cuffed, lookin at me and Frank, her grill was rough
Who woulda ever think she'd rather do us up
But that's the business, back to the sitch
On these Puerto Rican kids with pistols
Doin sign language is twitchin noses
Ask 'em where the money at, yo where the coke at papi?
We can do this all day, yo y'all both whack
They pulled out, one of my dunn soldiers was wombed out
They snuck up on him, put the tool up in his mouth
Walked them up in crib, big move, but they grabbed the kid
Had the shotty on my beehive, my wig
And yo they took me to the bathroom, started up the chainsaw yo
You gon' talk or see your brains on the floor
That's when 6 to 7 masked men, came in blastin yo
All I heard was Frank, "Lexi get the raw!




Bleed just like us, believe my pipe bust
If he holdin the right amount of cheese I might rush the spot
Up early in the mornin, kick the door in, wave the 4 an'
(fuck) the brawlin, cause Tony for the stallin
And all I see is dollar signs, here's the bottom line either
Give up the product or get shot up with a brolic 9
Invest figures to address (niggas)
Workin out, all I curl is my index finger
Got a safe that hold more notes than Cortex singers
My work is move trays, serve 'em up like gourmet dinners
When it comes to cuttin that (coke), who got the best trimmers
Edward Scissorhands them grams, (niggas) respect winners
I got them big spenders comin through, hourly
Competition, we knock 'em out the box, powerfully
Still drop a ill verse, on the D.I., me
You might be gone, but the legacy is B.I.G., nigga
Uh-huh


Yo I think they tryin to do somethin man
I don't know what it is but we gon' go in there handle this business man
Straight up, y'knahmean?
It's goin down...
Let's go handle this man...




Come on, uh-huh, yeah, all right
Yo, yo


Tonight, I'm feelin' like Michael in Thriller
Drunk as a skunk, catch too much to Killah
Bartender, feel me up, another cup
Everybody have a good time, party, live it up
The dance floor's packed, Staten Island's on the map
We bum rush the club, cuz we don't know how to act
Look at mommy in back, I see your eyes starin'
Scope me up and down just to see what I'm wearin'
My appearance, heavy on the wrist wit a mean truck
Razor blade, fresh bathed, lookin' clean cut
Boots untied, gats in the ride
Dipped down in Gucci, wit my hat to the side
We can rhyme all night, if the rhyme's all right
Come up in big whips, different cars, all types
I'm out of sight, meet your host, get close
C.E.O., Starks Enterprise, big Ghost


Only if you say so, please let the breaks go
Turn the bass up real slow, just let your body go


Yo, yo, yo we rollin', holdin', my bag up swollen
Heat rush, niggas see us and start foldin'
Let the hoes in, we gon' freak off lovely
Ruby red, gettin' head, air beds buggy
It's about to get ugly, ya'll can't touch me
After ten mill, so the whole world gon' love me
Me Ghost, first, his or her extra large
Platinum credit cards when I splurge
I got the urge, roll up who got the herb
Fat ravioli bags on the Ave. get served
I observe the kid, I deserve to live
Broke his ribs, burst his wig
When the bass come out, you be the first to get
Thirst for this, blacked out and search the crib
Like I told ya'll before, it's the Theodore Unit
From Europe to New York, this is how we do it




Come on, uh-huh, yeah
All right, just let your body go




Yeah, just let your body go
Come on, uh-huh, yeah, all right
Come on, just let your body go




Come on, yeah, all right, uh-huh
Yeah, come on, just let your body go
Come on, uh-huh, all right




Come on, uh-huh, yeah, all right
Yo, yo


Tonight, I'm feelin' like Michael in Thriller
Drunk as a skunk, catch too much to Killah
Bartender, feel me up, another cup
Everybody have a good time, party, live it up
The dance floor's packed, Staten Island's on the map
We bum rush the club, 'cause we don't know how to act
Look at mommy in back, I see your eyes starin'
Scope me up and down just to see what I'm wearin'
My appearance, heavy on the wrist wit a mean truck
Razor blade, fresh bathed, lookin' clean cut
Boots untied, gats in the ride
Dipped down in Gucci, wit my hat to the side
We can rhyme all night, if the rhyme's all right
Come up in big whips, different cars, all types
I'm out of sight, meet your host, get close
C.E.O., Starks Enterprise, big Ghost


Only if you say so, please let the breaks go
Turn the bass up real slow, just let your body go


Yo, yo, yo we rollin', holdin', my bag up swollen
Heat rush, niggas see us and start foldin'
Let the hoes in, we gon' freak off lovely
Ruby red, gettin' head, air beds buggy
It's about to get ugly, ya'll can't touch me
After ten mill, so the whole world gon' love me
Me Ghost, first, his or her extra large
Platinum credit cards when I splurge
I got the urge, roll up who got the herb
Fat ravioli bags on the Ave. get served
I observe the kid, I deserve to live
Broke his ribs, burst his wig
When the bass come out, you be the first to get
Thirst for this, blacked out and search the crib
Like I told ya'll before, it's the Theodore Unit
From Europe to New York, this is how we do it



Come on, uh-huh, yeah
All right, just let your body go



Yeah, just let your body go
Come on, uh-huh, yeah, all right
Come on, just let your body go



Come on, yeah, all right, uh-huh
Yeah, come on, just let your body go
Come on, uh-huh, all right




Yeah
This one right here is for my thugs
Thug loving putin it down for ur little lady at the crib (Yeah)
Thug in the streets (That's me baby)
Man under the sheets (Hah, that's me boy)
Hah, Yeah


I'm in love with a thug
I can't help it girl he treats me so good
In the street he gets respect from his peers
Known for months but if u'll like its been years (ah ah)
In a situation
Any guy that holla at me its real confrontation
But lovin is my baby's job ocupation
And he good at what he do when graded havin relation
(ah ah)


Thugs give good luvin
Woah they're supersonic
The way he treats me different
Ooh like he bionic
Yeah, he work that (yeah)
I say yeah, it's so perfect
(I like this)


I used to be scared of thugs
I was told that thugs dont know how to love
They say they beat, they cheat, they talk to girls like
But my man respect me cuz I'm a down
(ah ah)
Wasn't anticipating
That if I fell in love with a thug that I would end up dating
Instead he blew my mind and treated me like a queen
He run his streets but he know how to treat me
(ah ah)




Yeah, yo I might fuck you with my boxers on, then take one leg out
Then tell you 'put your thumb in your mouth'
Then move cuz we halfway off the couch
I got rugburns and a piece of hair in my mouth
But still, I'm a gentleman
Say 'love is love' when I'm feeling my ???, fuck the godamn arguements
Fuck the rumors that your friends be starting shit
They just jealous with they bullshit compliments
???head chickens is mad at how I rock my gems
Illmatic brims, in and out of Benz's
Switching up lenses like your number one dentist
They can't understand how I keep my princess
Rose is ?beefy?, jury look chunky in the summer with the timbs or them
Dark blue and
Creamies
Talking thug, had his gun like a deep movie
Then I'm home, then my baby give me more coochie






Ayo, ayo, bitch, why the fuck I got lint on my robes?
I can't pimp in these clothes
Them fuckin' hoes is killin' me
There's no slack for a pimp in these streets, is you feelin' me?
Cad suede is brush
The velvet shirt is crush
The diamonds in my teeth are flush
I'm a fly nigga
Cognac sipper, keep a blade at the tip of my cane
For snakes that slither
Cry me a river, bitch
Just want my cut of the money
You get pimp slapped
Catch your bitch ass acting funny
Get my mink and a fucking suede brush for the wallows
First, pretty Tone enter the room, then y'all hoes can follow
To swallow, flip tricks, sit dicks and make money
Bring "Daddy Pooh Bear" back, barrel loads of the honey
I'm bumpin the Isleys, Al Green got a pimp on lean
I got a main bitch, a side bitch, and two in between
Nah mean? I make a ho polish the chrome of my gun
Cause pimpin' ain't easy but it sure is fun




Yo, straight out the ghetto, I'm damn hood
I stack a dollar like a whole rack of canned goods
Baggy jeans, no Timbs, ACG boots
Livin' in the crack spot, bangin' that Sheek Louch
The narcotics is far from garbage, whether it's cold or it's late August
My shit is fresh cuz I catch the hottest
My little cousin bubble swatches and carry a couple oxes
Keep a deuce deuce by his ankle and get it poppin'
You know, we be the boys clockin' the grave yard shift
Big bubbles, countin' the cream, burnin' the lazar spliff
My man jumps out the whip with the AR 5th
And we ball from plentys of parties cuz we start shit
Parole holes, six months in the box
My little sister got her head shaved off
She made it home from shock
We sellin cartons, pampers, Similac formula
Anything ya take cuz the paper keep callin ya
Gangsters keep ballin fosho, we want more
We make it rain from the tech and the wop
The next coroner priests don't have enough cups for us
To slow us up, they hit us with dusk
Then they rush-bust, my man Big Ron will break the cuffs
300 pound nigga, po po has to fuck him up
They say that my projects should undergo therapy
We never voted, we votin' for Oprah, Obama, and Eric B


Guns imported from Dubra
Wheelchairs and shit bags
Peach Snapples and pretty scalpels
Renaissance
I'll stick a pick in yo gut at the chapel
I'll blow a nigga for a box of Huggies
Cop killers with a box of dummies
Dummies stuck to the project floors
Niggas is suited up and be ready for war


It's the Broadstreet Bully and the Killah with no Face
My mac bullets burn like tequila with no chase
My knife work like the guillotine sword
Cut niggas, stop frontin' for my killa bee swarm, something
Empty out the whole clip and reload
Shot gun barrel leave you smokin like a broke stove
Yeah, and I'm all about that bullshit
The casket, the hearse, and the pastor in the pulpit
I kill a nigga at the drop of a dime
Just imagine what I do for a quarter
Ain't no tellin what I do for a dollar
Pop a nigga right in front of his mama
Son a nigga right in front of his daughter
And im nothin like a father
Couldn't come from these nuts I got
To C. Baltimore suck this cock
I know most of y'all wouldn't understand
Get it, understand
Yeah some niggas will and some niggas won't
Like some niggas kill and some niggas don't
You's a fake it 'til you make it type a nigga
I'm a straight up take it type a nigga
Pistol whip a nigga 'til I break it type a nigga
I'm hard on chumps, most of these dudes is fags
Put the guarder on pumps, push the broom up they ass
Or the knife like American me, American Sig' is Muslim
So I ain't feelin Bush overseas
I think with the wisdom of Malcom, got the soul of a panther
So by any means is the anthem
You gonna have to cut me out the track like cancer
I can't stop won't stop
This how we do it from Philly to Shaolin




Yo, straight out the ghetto, I'm damn hood
I stack a dollar like a whole rack of canned goods
Baggy jeans, no chimps, ACG Boots
Livin' in the crack spot, bangin' that Sheek Louch
The narcotics is far from garbage, whether it's cold or it's late August
My shit is fresh cuz I catch the hottest
My little cousin bubble swatches and carry a couple oxes
Keep a deuce deuce by his ankle and get it poppin'
You know, we be the boys clockin' the grave yard shift
Big bubbles, countin' the cream, burnin' the lazar spliff
My man jumps out the whip with the AR 5th
And we ball from plentys of parties cuz we start shit
Parole holes, six months in the box
My little sister got her head shaved off
She made it home for shop
We sellin' Carters, Pampers, Similac formula
Anything ya take cuz the paper keep callin ya
Gangsters keep ballin fosho, we want more
We make it rain from the tech and the wop
The next coroner priests don't have enough cups for us
To slow us up, they hit us with dusk
Then they rush-bust, my man Big Ron will break the cuffs
300 pound nigga, po po has to fuck him up
They say that my projects should undergo therapy
We never voted, we votin' for Oprah, Obama, and Eric B


Guns imported from Dubra
Wheel jazz and shit bags
Peach Snapples and pretty scalpels
Renaissance
I'll stick a pick in yo gut at the chapel
I'll blow a nigga for a box of Huggies
Cop killers with a box of dummies
Dummies stuck to the project floors
Niggas is suited up and be ready for war


It's the Broadstreet Bully and the Killah with no Face
My mac bullets burn like tequila with no chase
My knife work like the guillotine sword
Cut niggas, stop frontin' for my killa bee swarm, something
Empty out the whole clip and reload
Shot gun barrel leave you smokin like a broke stove
Yeah, and I'm all about that bullshit
The casket, the hearse, and the pastor in the pulpit
I kill a nigga at the drop of a dime
Just imagine what I do for a quarter
Ain't no tellin what I do for a dollar
Pop a nigga right in front of his mama
Son a nigga right in front of his daughter
And im nothin like a father
Couldn't come from these nuts I got
To see Baltimore suck this cock
I know most of y'all wouldn't understand
Get it, understand
Yeah some niggas will and some niggas won't
Like some niggas kill and some niggas don't
You's a fake it 'til you make it type a nigga
I'm a straight up take it type a nigga
Pistol whip a nigga 'til I break it type a nigga
I'm hard on chumps, most of these dudes is fags
Put the guarder on pumps, push the broom up they ass
Or the knife like American me, American Sig' is Muslim
So I ain't feelin Bush overseas
I think with the wisdom of Malcom, got the soul of a panther
So by any means is the anthem
You gonna have to cut me out the track like cancer
I can't stop won't stop
This how we do it from Philly to Chi...




Yo, straight out the ghetto, I'm damn hood
I Stack-A-Dollar like a whole rack of canned goods
Baggy jeans, no Timbs, A.C.G. boots
Living in the Crack Spot, banging at Sheek Louch
The narcotics is far from garbage
Whether it's cold or it's late August
My shit is fresh cuz I catch the harvest
My little cousin bubble Swatches and carry a couple oxes
Keep a duece-deuce by his ankle and get it popping
You know, we be the boys clocking the graveyard shift
Big bundles, counting our CREAM, burning the lazer spliff
My man, jumps out the whip with the A.R. fifth
And we barred from plenty of parties cuz we start shit
Parole hoes, six months in the box
My little sister got her head shaved off
She made it home from shop
We selling cartons, Pampers, Similac formula
Anything it take because the paper keep calling ya
Gangstas keep balling for sure, we want more
We make it rain from the tech and wop
The Lex pouring and the precincts don't have enough cups for us
To slow us up, they hit us with dust
Then they rush, bust, my big man Ron'll break the cuffs
Three-hundred pound nigga, po-po has to fuck him up
They say that my projects shall undergo therapy
We never voted, we voting for Oprah, Obama, and Eric B


The ill rap niggas that kill
Destroy shit but they able to build
Come fuck with the real
Coward, better play your part
This shit'll lace yo' heart
Get hit with a Ghostface dart
And you better live this shit to fullest
Or be ready to pull it
Or be hit with a B. Sig' bullet
The ill rap niggas that kill
Destroy shit but they able to build
Come fuck with the real


It's the Broad Street Bully and the Killah with no face
My mack bullets burn like tequila with no chase
My knifework like a guillotine sword cutting
Niggas stop fronting for my Killa Beez swarm something
Bzzz, empty out the whole clip then reload
Shotgun barrel leave it smoking like a broke stove
Yeah, and I'm all about that bullshit
The casket, the hearse and the pastor in the pulpit
I kill a nigga at the drop of a dime
Just imagine what I do for a quarter
Ain't no telling what I do for a dollar
Pop a nigga right in front of his mama
Son a nigga right in front of his daughter
And I'm nothing like the father
He couldn't come from these nuts I got
Or see Baltimore suck this cock
I know most of y'all wouldn't understand
Get it... get it... understand
Yeah, some niggas will, and some niggas won't
Like some niggas kill, and some niggas don't
You'se a fake until you make it type of nigga
I'm a straight up take it type of nigga
Pistol whip a nigga 'til I break it type of nigga
I'm hard on chumps, most these dudes is fags
Put the guard on punks, push the broom up they ass
Or the knife like American meat
American Sig', it's Muslim, so I ain't feeling Bush overseas
I think with the wisdom of Malcolm, got the soul of a panther
So "By Any Means" is the anthem, you gon' have to cut me out the track
Like cancer
I can't stop, won't stop, this how we do it from Philly to Shaolin
All my niggas swap in (Yeah nigga)


Guns imported from Dubai, wheelchairs and shitbags
Peach Snapples and pretty scapals
Renaissance, I'll stick a pick in ya gut at the chapel
Or blow a nigga for a box of Huggies
Cop killas with a box of dummies
Gummies, stuck to the project floors
Niggas is suited up and we ready for war




I play hard for nine innings, dressed in fine linen
Cause pussy is the best next thing besides winnin'
All the positions I've been in couldn't explain how I'm livin'
My vision, my intuition has risen
Here, take a listen, I'm hittin'
Up to bat with precision; see, I'm back in the kitchen
Slinging crack to these pigeons, for the fact that I'm driven
My linebackers is blitzin', send you packing, good riddance
Trapped in this prison where snakes and rats is forbidden
Keep my gun hitting, niggas is bitches signing petitions
And they providing convictions
See, I survive through the system under the livest conditions
My riders ride on a mission
For snitchin', you get your back blown right out of commission
You'll be missin' like them crazy Christians
And swimming with all the fishes
Your Ms.'s will come and witness your body with hugs and kisses
Now, tell me, is that nutritious?
We party with chips and liquors
Your wizzes is coming with us
For real, kid, they bought me presents
The difference is this is business, big biscuits, big figures
We click on religious niggas for acting too superstitious
Move, cause the Coupe is vicious
Shoot if you want your wishes to blow
See Trife in the Bentley with a group of bitches


My design is already made
So young and so strong
And just waiting to be saved


My life's no longer in the hands of district attorneys
Or envious niggas who thirsty cause I'm OT with bricks for 30
Moving like Magic, but niggas ain't worthy
Like Michael Cooper; when I shoot I aim sturdy
Mother made or motherfuck 'em
Rhymes so dope I hope I make it through customs
We can take it to the streets, like a game at the Rucker
They claim they love us, but all that changes
When you on and they fucked up, dog
Ain't no flaws in a hustler
I'm no longer in state greens and chuckers
Waiting for the beach port and the breaks
Streets oughta relate
I see it all in your face the window to your soul ain't tinted
You wanna see me falling from grace; no way, nigga!
I'm stretching my weight, like cocaine dealers
What they gonna say now? The flow way iller
If dough change niggas I'm no longer the same
But what I became does not conflict with from where I came
I was dealing with 'caine like cold chilla
Back when lyricist reined and dope was killing 'em
Any MC who think they ill as me
Or real as me should chill, I mean, that's your opinion
But my raps is relentless like a MAC with an infra
And I'm back with a vengeance
Like Sprewell smashing the Knicks
After they shipped him despite the fans resistance
Big and Pac is up top, so the nicest man living is right here
It's quite clear, like diamonds that glisten


My design is already made
So young and so strong
And just waiting to be saved



I play hard for nine innings dressed in fine linen
Cause pussy is the best next thing besides women
All the position I've been in couldn't explain how I'm living
My vision my intuition has risen
Here take a listen I'm hitting
Up to bat with precision
Sealing bags in the kitchen
Slinging crack to these pigeons
For the fact that I'm driven
My linebackers is missing
Send you back and good rides
Trapped in this mission where snakes and rats is forbidden
Keep my gun hidden niggas is bitches signing petitions
And they providing convictions
See I survive through the system under the livest conditions
My riders ride on a mission for snitching
You get your back blown right out of commission
You'll be missing like them crazy Christians and swimming with all the fishes
Your misses will come and visit your body with hugs and kisses
Now tell me is that nutritious we party with chips and liquors
Your wisses is coming with us for real kid they bought me presents
The difference is this is business big biscuits big figures
We click on religious niggas for acting too superstitious
Move cause the group is viscous
Shoot if you want your wishes to blow
See trife in the Bentley with a group of bitches

My design is already made
So young an so strong
And just waiting to be saved
My life's no longer in the hands of district attorneys or envious niggas
Who thirsty cause I'm OT with prince with thirty moving like magic
But niggas ain't worthy like Michael cooper when I shoot I aim sturdy
Mother maiden mother fuck em
Rhymes so dope I hope I make it through customs
We can take it to the streets like a game at the rucker
They claim they love us but all that changes
When you on and they fucked up dog ain't no flaws in a hustla
I ain't no longer in state greens and chuckers
Waiting for the beach port and the breaks streets oughta relate
I see it all in your face the window to your soul ain't tinted
You want to see me falling from grace
No way nigga I'm stretching my weight like cocaine dealers
What they gonna say now the flow way iller
If dough change things I'm no longer the same
But what I became does not conflict with from where I cam
I was dealing with caine like cold chilla back when lyricist rained
And dope was killing em, any MC who think they ill as me
Or real as me should chill I mean that's your opinion
But my raps is relentless like a mac with an infra
And I'm back with a vengeance, like Sprewell smashing the Knicks
After they shipped him despite the fans resistance
Big and 'Pac is up top so the nicest man living is right here
Its quite clear like diamonds that glisten



* Bonus track on the LP Version of "Put it on the Line"


Yeah, ain't nothing man
Niggas, niggas just should of paid me my stacks, man
You know whatimean, these niggas sending me tracks
And ain't try'nna not to pay the kid, man
But fuck that, fuck 'em
I don't give what producers -- who produced, what
I'm deading niggas on they tracks, what
Cock suckers fucking with me..
Yeah, yo, this what happens when niggas send me shit
And don't pay me my fucking money


Aiyo (come on), Pretty Toney should of got his dough
We was rhymin through the brooms and street, with eight years old
Take us back to eighty eight, you couldn't catch our flow
A group of kids, so original, (you heard?)


Tony 'Tana with big hammers, for bad manners, who got 'em
We kiss cannons for Scrams and his crew, and his wack dancers
Biting is forbidden, pa, pay that tax
And don't you ever look at us funny, come on, boy, we'll bring rap back
And that'll hurt you like Superman, chased by a group of men
With dynomites, real hip-hop'll do you in
Floor you like Dyu Ku Kim, I'm loo-looing
Hoola hoop on bitches, cuckoo for brand new pins
Cut Masta Killa, make sure we cut classics
Buck bastards in broadday and tuck caskets
Next to Uday and Qusay, hopped in the coupe, shoot the P.A
And just lay, whooptie, whooptay
Use to loose spaldings, and snatch a dude's toupee
Since tuning in, to T-La Rock and A.J
Ghostface gats is freshed squeezed like a glass of O.J
Girls you can go cruisin in my O'Jay





"Take me back, take me back, take me back..."


Yo, yo, yo, aiyo you brought me on Jerry just to take you back
After that bullshit you put me through a couple months back
That wasn't right, call the cops on me, and told them I had it like
"Yeah, pop the trunk, he got dope and guns"
Check for warrants, that son of a bitch on the run, I know
Three of his niggas got life, he use to roll with
And told 'em I bodied an upcoming basketball star
Once I heard that, I fell out the cop car, real hard
You bugged out, and thugged out, wanted me to take you back
That could never happen, I'm sorry
No disrespect, but you a psycho, honey
Got that S.S.I. money, and you start actin' funny
Shrimp's every night, ordering steaks
Them jumbo joints, them shits cost a buck 50 for eight
And when you told me your Merlot, need more grapes
I said "Honey, you never had wine before!"
And if you did, that's not how you act at all
And no... that's not how we rock in Theodore


Please, babe, I love you
(Take me back, I'll never do it again)
Always want you
(You know that you my lover and my best friend)
Yes, darling, it's true
(Come on, home, where you belong, let's get it on)
Please, babe, I want you....


Back to them days, when the yay' was bein' frontin' to you
Hundred thousand dollar shopping sprees wasn't nothin' to you
When three was a crowd... but I dealt with it
And your sex wasn't wild.... but I dealt with it
I always felt shitted, you should of take me back
The girl that introduced you to boy, and helped you open your stacks
I got you in South connects, for the hard grind
That's why I took mine off the top, for the hard time
You know you need me in the streets, to help you run things
And if you catch a case, you got it wrong, I'mma pawn rings
I'm your lady boo, that's what I'm suppose to do
I know when you was coppin' my Coupe, that you was coppin' two
I know when you got me the red one, that she got the blue
But the way I chew on you, you should of got me two
Now you got me in the kitchen, with your fryin' on
Tell me that you gon' move with me, I know you lyin', dog
Who loves you baby? Nobody like Jacki-O
Cook, clean, break up your weed, and I give you nasty throat
What you actin' for? Get back in the door
Come on, home, where you belong, let's get it on




Yo, you know I always love you, I never meant to hurt you
Even the stress'll work you, I miss your old perfume
Promise never curse you, I want you in my circle
Honey right by my side where I keep my herbals
We both agree on no more fighting, we'll just have a verbal
The man'll treat you like a queen, I will bird you
Mother and father birthed you, if I have to hit you
Then damn, I might as well leave, cuz I don't deserve you
Watch from you face, when you sleep, let the heat disturb you
Fiendin' from the magic wand, when she 'nique and serve you
Take me please, take me with ease
Take me back, God damn, and scrape marks on my knees
'Member the first time you made my key
You was drunk, you went behind a tree and pee'd
I miss shit like that, and all of the times
We played cops, I'll arrest you in bed
Police brutality, I'll leave the side of your ass red
God damn it, is sex for real girl? Girl, we in special ed
Uh-huh... fuck that, take me back, pretty please, with you on top




Yeah, yo this goes for everybody all across the world
Whether you got fired or your lover dropped you and all that
Youknowhatimsayin? Everybody wanna get tooken back
Youknowhatimean? Don't be afraid to ask, if you wanna see--
Yo, take me back, fuck it, everybody wanna get tooken back and shit
This is your man, Big Ghost, your host, signing off and shit
Theodore, I understand




Wu Block
Ayo Ghost I'm about to go in right here son


Yo there's no place to hide, tints on the window
Three fifty-seven pointed out the ride, treat 'em like a dutch
Dump his insides, blood on the door, blood on the floor
They ready for the battle I'm prepared for the war
Money on stupid, soldiers on call
Follow you for real, chase niggas through the mall
Rolls on the table I'll show you how to ball
Don don I blow weed on the weave with no shirt on I got tricks up my sleeve
Suffocate flow make it hard to breathe, I don't want that bitch I'm just that hard to leave
Yea, you see the goons that I bring, D-Block chillin' with the wallaby king
My Staten Island niggas they gon' let that shit ring, my dudes locked up hold it down in the bing
Police think I'm carrying like every kind of drug, I just say what's up, no dap, no hug
I just keep it movin', I see they all fake but they don't really want beef they like Common Sense and Drake


Ayo yo Ghost check this out right, I just killed one of your classics
It's only right you kill one of mines, you got me son?
Let's go


When Nas made one love I was on the bench still
Mask on, contemplating a kill with one glove
In deep thought, paper bag cover my o.e
Heard they got long nickels slangin' the four deep
Uh, Medina niggas, Gowanus and Park Slope
Mad heavy, cashmere low coats
Pumpin' at the joy spot, stepped to this fiend
Served him from Queen, he had a nose like Floyd Pops
Armed him with a trey deuce, tell him to knock twice
Tell 'em you want two, show 'em your nice bike
The door knob turned, somebody cracked it
Bernard walked in, I'm right behind him with the all black ratchet
Surprise bitches, welcome to Staten
The first nigga that flinched I blast him, the fiends laughing
Foot locker bags unwrapped raw, stacks on the table
The nigga I shot beginnin' to crawl, he in his boxers
Seen the ounce on the plate with oxys, baggin' up mad shake
Yo B, yo watch him, while I search the fridge, cabinets and the back room
Half a brick in the grits box and the vacuum
Drugs is what we all about, cash and it's all around
Tell them niggas to get on they face and pat 'em down
I got the goods let's be out son, slingin' of a nigga head
Word to everything they get out done, let's kill these niggas




I'm the best ever, I'm the most brutal and vicious
And most ruthless champion there's ever been
There's no one can stop me, there's never been nobody who could ---
I'm Sonny Liston, I'm Jack Dempsey, there's no one like me
I'm from their cloth, there's no one who can match me
Praise be to Allah!


Just jewels, no crew heavy, my inside pants lay
Come packing like two machetes, one ratchet
Two clubs and a mask, jumping out a green rover
Niggas balling me down, that's when I reached over
Figured they ain't got no manners, young boys round here
They don't know my status
See niggas looking for a full time jack move
But they don't know, that these blades here crack dudes
Give it to them quick, something like fast food
Take a nigga gun like, you gon' blast who?
Cinderella girl, fronting in them glass shoes
Homo thug, bitch ass nigga, I smash you
You mad, cuz you rocking a shit bag, smelling like piss
When it popped, ya click ran, you fucking with powerful men
Come value your business, it ain't all gravy
You pussy niggas, you'se the Avon lady, fuck you


We scuffle, raps and cracks, it's a known hood hustle
Through the bus stop, under the train trussle
Forty five degrees, divide the block muscle
Stay on your side, or get your life bubbled
(We tussle, raps and cracks, it's a known hood hustle
Through the bus stop, under the train trussle
Forty five degrees, divide the block muscle
Stay on your side, or get your wig knuckled)


Yo, I hit 'em up with the snubs, puff the bigger buds
So sinister, a John Dillinger, yeah, I've been a thug
Fire all cylenders, swing with gritty love
Smooth talk, watch a moonwalk up in the club
I'm like Michael Jackson without the glitter glove
Go get it for sure, that's right, a jitterbug
A minister of death, came back to finish ya
At the tip of the missile, a fish, you been a scud
That's right, it's in my blood, damn, what's in them drugs
They make you spit slugs, leave marks in the floor
Yo, I stomp through the yard, I march through the hall
Charles Bronson them hard, Jack Johnson your jaw
If I sell out, yo, I'm copping some more
Get the hell out, or I'm popping the four
Shell pour out, big boxes of bullets
Your snotbox is bust, when I cock to the fullest




Consider me pissed off, them swiners better throw in they whole chalk
'Fore I blast the hot shot of Smirnoff
Rhymes contrast to an airplane crash
I precede the aftermath of an acid bath
Take a leap from the highest, and walk home bloody from a riot
And still stay chubby on a diet
Chicken in Michigan, get ya head crushed wit a Michellen
It's obvious, the God ain't settling
Repetition and ego, buried in ghetto cathedrals
Blow the rugers, brothers wanna through rubbles
Rock fight avalanches and ambushing
Contaminated bitches, dirty dishes and dope pushes
I dreamt plus I get a rush from a toilet flush
It wasn't us, it was Paul and his brother
Uncle and four cousins, they had to die like the Dirty Dozen
I guzzle punks like 22's, embezzle words and verbs, and interval avenus
It's important to be caution, click of this magnitude is remorsing
We eat the fucking cake without the frosting
Contents contained, shatters his splattered brain
Ever since Killah Priest was ordained
I'm bringing back the revely, I had with Beverly
And half of you corn niggas is greener than celery, fuck outta here




My style is impetuous, my defense is impregnable
And I'm just ferocious, I want your heart
Praise be to Allah!





I will take my time in the bushes, right
Pay the people no mind like I'm crooked, right
Shoot a nigga on down, do him somethin' right
He on the floor, telling Scrams, "Yo, I see the light!"

X2


In the trenches with a trench gun
Got my henchmen and your stepson
Heard you're rich, boy - cut a check, shun
It's the thirty-first, and I got to pay my rent, son
Pop a nigga's face just for ice-grillin'
Actin' hard like you're Vegeta... think twice, Krillin
Give the burners to your wife's children
And make'em shoot their step-pops 'til them tykes learn to like killin'
I make pussy-ass niggas become killers
I could turn a smart, phony nigga dumb-realer
I'll rob the key to your safe
And run off with your skinny bitch and throw some meat on her face
I'm crazy enough to slump you in a shed
Then grab your girl, and hump the bitch with pumpernickel bread
Pipe her doggy-style until I come all on her legs
And then bust her in the head with a peg and heroin eggs
What



I will take my time in the bushes, right
Pay the people no mind like I'm crooked, right
Shoot a nigga on down, do him somethin' right
He on the floor, telling Scrams, "Yo, I see the light!"

X2



You ever wanted to get rocked with a graceful hay-maker, or worse
Maybe popped in the waist with an .88 on a Thursday
Or shot in the face with an AK- on your birthday
Or oxed with a razor blade?  So WHY'RE you so thirsty?
You MUST want me to set off the bar, par'
Bust shots that let off on your ma's car
Y'all can snarl all you want
But we're some devilish pitbulls; y'all are just Saint Bernard dogs
Sh*t - you couldn't find a better villain
.44 guns and a binder full of women
I laugh at niggas trying to get a win in
Dumb-ass niggas got me doing that "Joe Biden" kind of grinnin'
Jigga's so Brooklyn, so Marcy
I'm so Bronx, I got a house in the Bronx, on Bronx Street
I'll throw you in a bag, like my laundry
Hip-hop is dead, and I'm the rapping zombie
What



I will take my time in the bushes, right
Pay the people no mind like I'm crooked, right
Shoot a nigga on down, do him somethin' right
He on the floor, telling Scrams, "Yo, I see the light!"

X2






What y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79


I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits
Tremendous, ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you, through the future see millennium
Killer Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Bees ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, die hard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block


As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence
The hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land jump the gun out the frying pan into the fire
Transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back in the line of fire holding back?
What? My peoples if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they're tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot and blow spots
You want to think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums


I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme, your fort is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts, paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought
I got the fashion catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God


The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang


Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anaesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings


March of the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square we stay in gold like Flair
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like a fuck, I'm ducking five-year probation


War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for their acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song


The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
Ninety-three million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none


Yo Yo Yo, fuck that, look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink, you had a Navy green
Salamander fiend, bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali
Came in threes we like the Genovese, is that so?
Ceaser needs the greens, it's Earth
Ninety-three million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz


Aiyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor world tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland






Weve just received a report that New York City is under attack by swarms of killer bees. Theyve been seen approaching from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, and Staten Island. We urge you to stay in your homes at this time, as we will be bringing you up-to-the-minute information. This just in: Police are reporting that theres a man on top of a skyscraper, ready to jump. Im told that he is possibly Ol Dirty, a member of the Wu-Tang Clan. The police suspect that there could be some connection between this old dirty man, and the killer bees


What y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79


I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous
Ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you, through the future see millennium
Killer Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Bees ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, die hard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block


As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence
The hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land jump the gun out the frying pan into the fire
Transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back in the line of fire holding back?
What? My peoples if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they're tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot and blow spots
You want to think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums


I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme
Your fort is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts
Paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought, I got the fashion
Catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God


The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang


Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anaesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings


March of the wooden soldiers
C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square we're staying gold like Flair
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like a fuck, I'm ducking five-year probation


War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for their acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song


The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple
Stab wounds and leaks sounds that's heard
Ninety-three million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none


Yo, yo yo; fuck that, look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink, you had a Navy green
Salamander fiend, bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali
Came in threes we like the Genovese, is that so?
Ceaser needs the greens, it's Earth
Ninety-three million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz


Aiyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor world tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland




Forreal? Can I get a juice, lord?
Yeah, yeah... yeah, squad niggas boy, forreal
Uh-huh, forreal, man, word, open the door, man
Hustle flow shit, yeah, aiyo, pass the cigar, lord
Come on, man, stop playing, man


We in the cabin playing backgammon, gorilla monster slammers
Brothers hire us, try us you gon' die, son
Green medicine, blow veterans
Run in Adidas store, six more velours, drawers feather skin
Haircutted up, hollering, seven through three sixes
No, we ain't the devil, where ya llama, dick?
Can't stand the other side, niggas know we rich, we color guys
Loose up your mother, true lullabies
Gangsta ever readies, take off my shirt, no batteries, nigga
Just one mean magnum killer
Snowmobiles jetting out the Timber, feel Chef altitude
Yo, I can't breathe, check the splendor
Brazilian honey dip, I'm on my rifle day, nigga
Times is roughing, Timberland cuffing
One knee up, G up all the re-up
Hope we can pull it back, my throat my only weapon, blow the beat up


Stuff Brillo pads in the rat holes, reduce that faggot ass nigga
Who wanna jump like a frog to a tadpole
Gag it up, sliding through the ER, batted up
A tube in your dick, you can't piss when standing up
Hands is shaking, doctors is taken to operating
"Nah, he might not live!" So they start debating
You in bad shape, in the neck of New York
Your slithering ways, lay with you a bad snake
Smash bake, eight stab holes in your shoulder blades
You wilding on the stretcher and shit, they trynna hold your legs
Nah don't hold his legs, tell that bitch ass nigga to chill
Put something in his meat like bolognese
Got gophers that sleep in the woods, Carhartt down
Padlock your bow-legged spot, where your rocks now?
You ain't moving no crack, you'se a moving ass rat
After you lay up in that morgue, I'mma fuck your back
Yeah, nigga, die slow with your smirk on
Night-night lights, dim it down, get your mirk on
Later I see you in hell, get your burn on
Filled with embalming fluid, get your sherm on


My sherm on in the hood when I ride by
My eyes looking like I learned how to skydive
The world is yours, there's rules you abide by
Ride with the fly guy on I-95
They said a nigga return, but I never left
I told Big L through me, he could resurrect
I'm that nigga like Puff in L-O-X
I took one L and life is still Double X
Brick City where I breathe all the trees at
The E's in M&M's, I need a Relapse
And bitches, grab my mic, give me feedback
Reggie you an asshole, baby I be that
Yeah, I get cocky when the beat pumping
You know you doing it when your tire lip running
I keep a freak and I call her chicken McNugget
Cuz this Superbad nigga, she McLovin'


Fiends get killed in my hallways, we parlay
My feet been killing me all day
Your boy down for lot, like them killas in RahWay
It's all work and no play, cuz this block ain't nothing like Broadway
Revenge is sweeter than sorbet, you all become believers
Once this heaters in your face, just a part of my feng shui
Ya'll don't want no part of the gun spray
I would hate to pull it and one stray
That's where the innocents by stand, we trapped inside these tenements like damn
Why mama trynna feed us this spiced ham
Connects trynna cheat us with light grams
Co-defendants try to lighten they sentence, snitching to white man
Turned state evidence, fam, we ain't jellin'
Felons ain't felons no more, they straight tellin'
Ain't nothing worse than a rat, you can't smellin'
And ain't nothing worse than a trap you can't sell in




Oohhh... This that fire! Ghostface and Missy


Somebody tell that girl that her ass too big
I give it to her right and she let me live
Can't eat that, cuz there's no relationship
I beat that, the next day you called in sick
Frontin', not for nothin', I pop buttons
Off Baby Phat, Levi's, J.Lo's, Guess and Gap
Cuz it's like that, young lady, bet I make you shake
Like the Puffy and Jay-Z's, Dre's and J.D.'s
Come on, if not you, I'mma beat this song
But if you were bout it, our business wouldn't be here this long
Let me break it down for you, all I wanted to know
If I could just feel it and touch it, and break it down into numbers and
Come with me and just leave your friends
Cuz we don't need no cock blocking
Tellin' you this without no option
Tell your friends "Peace, look, I'm bouncin'"


Tush, tush, tush
Wanna slide in the bush, bush, bush?
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in my tush, tush, tush?
You could slide in the bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in that tush, tush, tush?
Wanna slide in my bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)


Oh yeah, you jinglin' baby (well let me jump up on that ding-a-ling baby)
Ooh, gosh, you a nasty girl, sassy
Picture me layin' you inside my classic pearls
Toes'll curl, giddy up, you go girl
I'm about to, uh, do it slow girl
Ooh, you in control, it's in your world
She on, I think I like ol' girl
Take it out, turn around
Charlie horse, shit, threw me off balance
Wildin', all I wanted was to show you my talent
To let you know on how I rep in Staten Island
This is the reason I came to you
So we can connect it then kick it was the thing to do
Cuz we don't need no representation
Domination, got them waitin' patient


Now this is the way ya'll suppose to
To get dowwnnnnnnnn, ya'll ain't right
Somebody say "Aha! Ghost is back!"


Pull back the curtain, let me work your sermon
Playboy don't hurt me like a virgin
You seem real determined to put a hurtin'
But if you ain't slurpin', then you better off jerkin'
You got a lot of nerve, to wanna serve my curves
My 36D, 36 hips
The way I shoot the gift, I swallow coke bottles
And you would swear it was Lil' Kim lips
Eh, I really like you baby
Do you know how to wife this lady?
Give me what I want, don't talk, don't touch
Unless you got a bank account that make my face blush
Now shush... in my bush
And I can give you what you want, make a whoosh
Just throw it, I'll show you how to push
Kinky sex, tie ropes around your wrist
Come on..



Come on... hah... oh..
Come on... hah... oh... aha-ha
Oh... aha-ha... whoo!
Come on!




Oohhh... This that fire! Ghostface and Missy


Somebody tell that girl that her ass too big
I give it to her right and she let me live
Can't eat that, cuz there's no relationship
I beat that, the next day you called in sick
Frontin', not for nothin', I pop buttons
Off Baby Phat, Levi's, J.Lo's, Guess and Gap
Cuz it's like that, young lady, bet I make you shake
Like the Puffy and Jay-Z's, Dre's and J.D.'s
Come on, if not you, I'mma beat this song
But if you were bout it, our business wouldn't be here this long
Let me break it down for you, all I wanted to know
If I could just feel it and touch it, and break it down into numbers and
Come with me and just leave your friends
Cuz we don't need no cock blocking
Tellin' you this without no option
Tell your friends "Peace, look, I'm bouncin'"


Tush, tush, tush
Wanna slide in the bush, bush, bush?
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in my tush, tush, tush?
You could slide in the bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in that tush, tush, tush?
Wanna slide in my bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)


Oh yeah, you jinglin' baby (well let me jump up on that ding-a-ling baby)
Ooh, gosh, you a nasty girl, sassy
Picture me layin' you inside my classic pearls
Toes'll curl, giddy up, you go girl
I'm about to, uh, do it slow girl
Ooh, you in control, it's in your world
She on, I think I like ol' girl
Take it out, turn around
Charlie horse, shit, threw me off balance
Wildin', all I wanted was to show you my talent
To let you know on how I rep in Staten Island
This is the reason I came to you
So we can connect it then kick it was the thing to do
Cuz we don't need no representation
Domination, got them waitin' patient


Now this is the way ya'll suppose to
To get dowwnnnnnnnn, ya'll ain't right
Somebody say "Aha! Ghost is back!"


Pull back the curtain, let me work your sermon
Playboy don't hurt me like a virgin
You seem real determined to put a hurtin'
But if you ain't slurpin', then you better off jerkin'
You got a lot of nerve, to wanna serve my curves
My 36D, 36 hips
The way I shoot the gift, I swallow coke bottles
And you would swear it was Lil' Kim lips
Eh, I really like you baby
Do you know how to wife this lady?
Give me what I want, don't talk, don't touch
Unless you got a bank account that make my face blush
Now shush... in my bush
And I can give you what you want, make a whoosh
Just throw it, I'll show you how to push
Kinky sex, tie ropes around your wrist
Come on..




Come on... hah... oh..
Come on... hah... oh... aha-ha
Oh... aha-ha... whoo!
Come on!



Ayo, I'm lost underwater
I see a pink door with a crystal handle, so I keep swimming
Amazed that I'm not drowning
Butterflies took control when I arrived, I opened the door
No I knocked first, I'm not on my turf
I seen a ray of lights that resemble live fireworks
Some mermaids with Halle Berry haircuts flashing
They tail like follow me now, don't be afraid
I'mma show you where all the djinns and spirits pray
If you scared to face this life you shouldn't stay
So I kept on swimming, grabbed on to her fin to help me out
As we got close I seen the boat all shot up with his anchor out
Then she asked me politely what I'm thinking about, I said nothing
She said nothing leaves nothing
If you feel me I bet this'll bring that out
I seen rubies, diamonds, smothered under octopus
Jellyfish sharks soar, aquaproof pocketbook
Pearls on the mermaid girls
Gucci belts that they rock for no reason from a different world
Up ahead lies Noah's Ark, but that's waves away
And way to the right, that's one of our bangin spas
She quoted I took notice, Spongebob in the Bentley Coupe
Bangin the Isleys, he slow backed up
Then he passed me swoop, seen his chick eyein me hard
He got vexed and smacked his boo
Took off, continued my travels
Seen a rock from the Titanic, looking fat and nah it wasn't damaged
Then I seen somethin real big
Sky blue and gold with whitewalls, behind a large city
That was lost before Christ walked the walk
Upon the waters that's so bright
Everytime we got close the mermaid held on tight
All I heard was "Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar"
"Bismillah ar-Rahman, ar-Raheem, Allah screamed"
That we heard from afar, everyone selat
In the world's banginest mosque got crowded in
With life that I can't explain
They said sir yes I'm glad you came, greeted me with Qu'rans and Torahs
Prayed after that we said amen




Yo.. yeah
Don't erase none of that good shit in the beginnin
Yo.. spill drinks on ya, get stank on ya
Yo.. yo.. pinky ring shit, yo
That pinky ring shit, yo


It's that pinky ring shit, the legend of masked kid
Shoot out the speakers when my guns get jurassic
Superbad, who am I? Dolemite classic
The vandal's back, hands on Angela Bassett
I handle my plastic, gunplay I mastered
No coke, dope mixed down with acid on record
Broken down and crafted in seconds
Lady's choice, the golden voice still peppered
Better, respect it, bitch believe
I pull rabbits out the hat, tricks up my sleeves
I air out the showroom, the shit can breathe
Fix your weave, behold my expertise


I got my uzi back - you dudes is wack, face it the Wu is back
I got my uzi back - you dudes is wack, face it the Wu is back


Take it back to the peoples, leanin' gettin' rec room punch
We in them authentic alley switchin joints
Major general niggas, five stars
Both arms rock when coke dropped we read a hundred niggas palms
Silencers, garbage bags of hash
For every cop we paid retired now the nigga on smash
Gash you out your burner fast
You swing down hatin me now respect get your fingers off the glass




Yo what the fuck yo?! Yo what the fuck y'all comin for?
Get the fuck away from my door!
We got big guns in here, coke over there
With blue bag and E pills stashed under the chair
And there's Boss Hog black and white pit with the pink lips
Stan thought he was soft 'til he bit his fingers
The shit had me dyin yo, big fat nigga bleedin
Big cat nigga all season
On the beach truck, stuck with Hawaiian ice
Diamond twice the whole city thought I bought FUBU
Blew you, authentic doodoo, picture the fog iced out
18 karat rap between noodles




Up at Killa Bee headquarters, four whips just pulled up
I saw Johnny sippin Henny from a iced out cup
Yo with the blunt, two-way vibratin off the hip
I sit took three drags off the honey-dip
Now what you talkin? You see my gold fronts sparkin?
Ain't tryin to hear what you dogs be barkin
Read the headline, that was blast on today's Post
Dead king, thought he could ace Ghost
Queen couldn't even jack Monk
Probably find him in Doc Doom's back trunk
Bdoodoodoo! I'm up at the Wu library
Readin Malcolm's, ".. Any Means Necessary"


John John, Bacardi straight up hold the ice
So nice like New York they had to name him twice
Name your price, I black out then change the lights
Give you the same advice that I gave my wife
Don't fuck with mine, Clan give you lumps in nine
Let the smoke cloud clear so the sun can shine
Culture shock, for some of us that's all we got
Whether you ball or not, you can all get shot


New York, New York, legendary rhyme boss
Code name Charlie Horse, bust with blind force
I smash set it and wreck for cash credit or check
You crash-tests can't measure the threat
I dance on a nigga like my name's Zab Judah
Rap barracuda, three XL kahuna
Sure to get it perkin and cause a disturbance
I'm thirstin, feel what I feel then we can merge then
Creep it through the states in V8's and 12's
My weight's hell, fuck with me then brace yourself
The Noble, Sir I mass mogul
Known to blast vocals, and move global on you locals


This is grown man talkin, coward I split your head
I'm from the East where the streets run red from the bloodshed
Hit Chef for the rice and peas
Nuff respect father Eton with Addies
My brothers can't wait to squeeze the automatic
They need wreck like a drug dealer need a addict
Floatin on the 95, sting like a killer bee
Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see


From dark matter to the big crunch
The vocals came in a bunch without one punch
Rare glimpse from the, strictly advanced, proved unstoppable
Reputation enhanced, since the cause was probable
So you compare contrast but don't blast
Through extreme depths, with the pen I hold fast
Watch the block thirst for one became all
Shot 'em with the long forgotten rainfall
Delivered in a vivid fashion with simplicity
The blind couldn't verify the authenticity
The rhyme came from the pressure of heat
Then it was laid out, on the ground to pave streets




{*scratching "Suuuuuuuue" until fade*}




No tricks, no tricks baby
Yeah, aiyyo Rae
Check it out y'all
It's the science
Fly wonderful
Yeah y'all
Tony Starks and umm Lex Diamonds
Tony Starks, my nigga Nas
Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit
For all the fake niggas out there, yaknahmean
Word up
Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit
Fakes be celebratin but they be mistaken
Word to the wise
Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket
All types of shit, yo son
Rock it, RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggas is the prophet
Tell em it's on right?
Show those crabs how to rhyme
RZA, Chef, Ghost, and Nas niggas is the prophet
It's only like five percent out of a hundred
RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggas is the prophet
Do it to em baby


Through the lights, cameras, and action glamour glitters and gold
I unfold the scroll, plant seeds to stampede the globe
When I'm deceased, by then the beast arise like yeast
To conquer peace leaving savages to roam in the streets
Live on the run, police paying me to give in my gun
Trick my wisdom with the system that imprisoned my son
Smoke a gold leaf I hold heat, nonchalantly
I'm raunchy, the things I do is real it never haunts me
While, funny style niggas roll in the pile
Rooster heads profile on a bus to Rikers Isle
Holding weed inside they pussy with their minds on the pretty things in life
Props is a true thug's wife
It's like a cycle, niggas come home, some'll go in
Do a bullet, come back, do the same shit again
From the womb to the tomb, presume the unpredictable
Guns salute life rapidly, that's the ritual


Perhaps bullets bust niggas discuss mad money
True lies and White guys, we can see it through the eyes
Catch the most on tape, kilos disintegrate
Pyrex pots, we break, fiends licking plates
In the building niggas building like little children, staring
Them older niggas ain't caring
Sirens circling fiends are lurking in your baggage
Oh one's gone now, what, smack him in his cabbage
In the woodwork, crack sales bubble like Woolworth's
In the projects, richest niggas rocking all the real worth
Police questioning, rooftop cats invested in
Trading in they Lexuses, GS's, sending messages
Two and two makes four, Cristal's crazily pour
Gun wars my crew feel em like swords


Rock the green leathers, hundred pound snakes and cakes
Fiends found in lakes, jealously Jakes we shake
What I strive for is what I live for
Infatuated by material things in this wild life of war
Like somewhere over the rainbow
I see a big pot of gold
Future stacks so I hold
Thousands of cracks bagged up inside the shoebox
Don't keep jack in my lab, don't wanna see 2Pac
Got two spots on New Lots, flooded with rocks
Shoot-outs making me hot, crooked cops bag Tony and the ball drop
In the Isle, I'm banging niggas for slot time
Hurry up duke I'm next on line
And what the fuck is you looking at
By the way young blood, hit me off with that Green Bay hat
Watch your back inside the hall, new niggas slide through
Like doors yo, you're staring in the mess hall
Your adrenaline runs, cigarette niggas be swindling
New jacks surrendering, come home not remembering
Made bail with different size kicks on, a white dress shirt
Looking gay in the yard, and you got hurt
Flashbacks, of the day room, mop wringer style
Your faggot ass got bashed trying to turn the dial
You told your boo you was whyling
Once you heard Wu, out of the blue, your family's from Shaolin
High class cooks, throw on vests out of phone books
Infirmary niggas are screaming, "I got juxed!"
Sharpened toothbrushes, 190 mixed with baby oil and shit
Your man's in the kitchen stashing ice picks
Well I'mma end this with a big red cherry on top
Me, Nas and Rae got the best product on the block


Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit
Word up, throw your hands up
Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit
Cock back the Mac an say whatever
Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket
Your Hawaiian's stale, exoticness, fly shit
RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggas is the prophet
Floatin on in nine-five in the basement






AH-HEM!
Bust off your straps after Victory Laps
For a rhyme-o-cidal maniac, rap run runners
Kingpin numbers they kick knee-slap skat
Dreidel loose, Villain on the track in your town
Like Ringling Brothers, bring rings around clowns
Got em bowin down in surround-sound, drown (WORD!)
Pawn somethin for a small fortune
Go broke, sell portion to an auction, caution
Name your price and that time's fourscore of course
No love lost, enter the town on tour de force, cost more
Give or take the off day, short stay
In case the gaudy shorty need the horseplay
Raw hay, rakin' in the dough, no connection
Came home lames bidded, still payin' protection
Villain no kiddin' when he aint rhyme checkin'
Or in the sunshine with a fine dime neckin'
He lightin' up the Olympic torch with sparks glow
A gimp god's corso, pass it off... Starks go


Bringin' it home its the relayed laps; twist cats, put em on they ass
The other half on they neck and they back
Prepare your vest for the Victory Laps
Take titles and give em back, World Series Hummers
Veteran numbers, still spit that crack
Bottles of Goose in the backpack
Niggas talkin' like Yeah Tony Starks, dont you dare let us down
Your hits be immaculate, and accurate
Like the targets of Jake Plummer (word!)
Started all that talk of bein' a gunner
Beef in the winter leaves the death in the summer
Switchin' the Franks, army tanks
Fuck a bodyguard, its me and the iron
Im secure like federal banks, pirates
Yall niggas better walk the plank, motherfucker!


Bluka! Bluka!
Compliments of the gentlemen in all black
In the back, softball stack off the wall plaque
For all slack, track who diss is tricky
Hope to fix the problem with the rack & pinion doohickey
Not too quickly, they softer than a gooch
As I proceed to pop the clutch like a cooch, brooch
It broke loose, scratched the side slidin'
Disappeared off of the horizon, glidin'
Youre now ridin' with the rude gin and ginseng drinkin'
Sing a Sting song smooth as mink skin
Drop a jewel to keep the kings men thinkin'
Filthy Metal Fingers leave the ink pen stinkin'
Move! The lab is in a mess
Wreakin', speakin' from the heart like a stabbin' in the chest
Leakin' in a cab in distress, blinkin', home
Poems ringin' in his dome, clingin' to chromosomes




Apocalypse Now, mind over matter
Next batter be Tical, put it on a platter
How much uncut raw shit we dealing with?
Murder track what? Slang killing it, touched
You feeling it in your bloodstream
Deadly Venomous elixir hammer like Sledge that be Sister
All In Together Now, follow me the Mister
Mef Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh
Death come in the scripture, 2001
Bring the rap Armageddeon, let it be known
When you walk up in this Dead Zone, with all that wack shit
Now you know you dead wrong, one thousand lashes


Detonate that, pussy Massengil rap cleanse that
The kids rank, snatch collars off while riding off
Float boat big boys, Oakland A's stashed away blades
Ventilation let the sharks Animaze
Something shiest like seven butcher knives
Rolling Rover style twice, finger itchy like lice, hair fell out
Something to conquer, stomp ya like that cat Blanka
Toy Tonka truck, ten carat on ya monster
Ring rocky like fuck switch sides like water rides
The DAT bubble life preserve the other guys
Now fuck y'all act wilder
The style wilder than a praying mantis, chilling like
(long inhale)


As my brothers and I reign rebellious, changing
The courses of time, devils no longer exist
As God Cipher Divine, all minds one, no question
Now check it
Perhaps we can go through Lessons
Or might shot me a pussy protesting
Coming with that lip professing, you must take Allah for fool
Where's his Jewel? Was he using Mathematics as a tool?
Tell me, the struggle is God and I came to build
Shit is so real, inside you distilled
Back in the form of mist, you wishing you did the Knowledge
Before speaking, seeking, where you went wrong
And why would I bring you such physical harm?


Mind arson, my squadron surround the SoundGarden
Guns for hire plus you under fire and a target
Sniper in the cypher, I Pied Piper
Move the housing by the thousand, I watched out the Chrysler
Bombs strike ya like the Mighty Thor, blast the door
Recite a page like a tidal wave crash the shore
Two pulls, I'm wild like mechanical bulls
Pack a full house, it's girls night out, pull a handful
Heavenly laced, stimulation make it feel slow paced
I motivate and await my sober state


Magnificent, heavenly the God stay bent
Five Percent, Range whipping, Soul Controller of the lynch
Macking phone rings, Stephen King drama down at Danzine
My mood swings, suplexed off the rope, magazine
Coconut juice, walnut colored shoe, ninth annual
Moses lost his sandal hiding the manual
Blowing evangel bugging off of Bon Jovi hits
Grandma Lowvey, famous murder weapon was a trophy
Seeds posing in Osh Kosh, guzzle Grolsch
Sabotage massage rap bandit at large
Wolverine Carnation Milk, Wu denim jeans
Thurston Howell the Third, kid's back on the scene
Call it chopped meat cause every word is choppy
Malachi crunch all crows to death, Kobayashi couldn't stop me
Getting caught up in my world, Hagen-Dazs swirl
Back flip and then a twirl, cave your whole world in




Get the mic on
I don't know what happened, son
I just lost my mind, son
It's like I wasn't strong, G, I couldn't hold it when I seen it
A nigga flesh on me, I can't really-- I couldn't hold it, G
I don't know, I'mma, listen, no I went like this, nigga


I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say...


It was him, the cornerstore and a buttered roll
The shit dropped when I gave him two stomach holes
One to the face, he fell sideways
I was up close, so part of his nose was stuck to my padres
Standin' over him shakin', kid, screamin'
He slapped my girl, that's the reason why I was f'in to lean 'im
Everything got real slow, I ain't hear shit, my word
At least 40 seconds, I stay dead stiff
I pound him with the gun out, Big Din came, opened my hand
Removed the gun and the 16 spun out
He floored past 90 on the BQE
I threw up all on his door, splashed his Gucci seats
I couldn't speak, I'm in a state of shock
About now there should be yellow tape on the block, a raid at my spot
Hey, yo, I feel a li'l bugged out, insane, I lost my mind
People tellin' me, Ghost, you actin' mad strange


See what I'm sayin'? I don't know, I just don't feel right
Havin' flashbacks, bugged out, man, knahmean?
Nah, I don't wanna go to the clinic, I don't want the hospital, son
You know, I just feel like I'm lost, reality, man, y'knahmean?
My face feels numb, son




Flashbacks to me blowin' his brains out
All I remember's my shirt, I couldn't get them goddamned stains out
Oxy cleans weak 'round the chest area
Righthand side, I'm pluckin' off li'l pieces of meat
And my goons want me to bounce to Tennessee
But I said no, I got these two snow-bunnies in Venice Beach
On the low, son, I sleep with the hawk, in East New York
'Round my man Killa' way where all the murderers walk
Manhunt, police searches, swat ran in my crib
Battering rams, early mornin', yo, waking my kids
Now my aunt gotta stay wit' my wiz
She paranoid, havin' anxiety attacks cause of these pigs
Plus my connect, they goin' crazy, they try'na slay me
I told 'em, Friday I'll have they money, faggots try'na play me
I'll never eat up out a garbage can
I'll Larry Davis a cop, and if I make it alive, it was the Father's plan


I ain't goin' nowhere, I ain't goin' nowwhere, I'm aight, I'm aight
But I know one thing, if anybody touch me, I'm blowin' they head smooth off
Cops, connects, I don't give a fuck, they gon' feel that Eagle, they gon' feel that Desert
They gon' feel that Bulldog, y'knahmean? I don't give a fuck
Don't put me in no mental clinics, it ain't nothin', y'knahmean?
If I make it out alive, I make it out alive, if not, fuck it
Yo, I can't take this shit no more, it's too hype
Niggas thinkin' I'm buggin' out, I ain't buggin'
Y'all niggas'd be buggin' out too if you had somebody's flesh on you
Motherfuckers, fuck ya'll niggas, I ain't goin' crazy
Sleepin' on couches and shit... I'm goin' back outside, fuck ya'll niggas, man


I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say
I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say
I know my Mother's worried about me
Cause they might have to put me away at any time
Cause when my baby packed up her clothes and left me
She oh! I believe she took my mind...




Ayo, make some noise, give it up ya'll
You got Ghostface Killah in the building
Ya'll in the presence of greatness right now
Make some noise, we got Jackson Browne
We got Jewel, give it up for Mr. Lyle Lovett in the house
We here to honor the original hard walker
Mr. Dewey Cox, give the Cox his props


Walk hard (hard) {down life's} *rocky road*
Walk bold (hard) {that's my creed} *my code*
(I've been scorned and slandered and ridiculed too)
Had to struggle everyday my whole life through
{Seen my share of the worst this world can give}



Walk hard, hard, when they say you're all done
Walk bold, hard, when they say, you're not the one
(Even if you've been told time and time again
That you're always gonna lose and you're never gonna win)
{You gotta keep that rhythm in your mind's eye}
When you're standing on top of the mountain high


Walking hard, I'm a real hard walker
Fast in a trick, and a smooth talker
My guns pop out like a jack in the box
I cut you in half like Dewey Cox
A guilty gangsta, guilty as charged
Shank in my hand, ice man behind bars
Out of my way, I'll bring you down
No one's safe, not even Jackson Browne
My skin stay scarred, you can ask God
Lots of ladies unsnap their bras
Ask Lyle Lovett, I had sex on Mars
Thats how we do it when we walk hard
How do I walk? Hard as a stone
How do I walk? Hard like a bone
How do I walk? Like a jackhammer tool
How do I walk? Harder than Jewel
Tell me how we walk, hard, hard, hard, hard


When I meet my maker, on my dyin day
I'm gonna look him in the eye, and by God, I'll say
I gave him my word, and my word was good
I took it in the face and I walked as hard as I could
Walk hard, hard, hard, walk haaaaaard




Yeah you are now listening to the sounds of Ghost Radio
777 FM, we in God dimension
Sponsored by Stark Enterprise
Shout out to everybody on Staten Island
Don't touch that dial...

Ay yo, ay yo, my name's on your roster kid, I mean business
Big elevators mean big businesses
Sleeves rolled up around five, I, loosen my tie
Rough day though the stock was high
Plus I'm hungry, move like the boss of the joint
I know it don't mean nothing 'cuz I brought the joint
But still, realer hits, card dealerships
Bank slips, murder topics, niggas ain't shit
So what, I had a rough day?
That's right, and if y'all don't like it
Then motherfuck ya'll, it's Ghost in da house!
Make noise if it's C.R.E.A.M. in da house!
Aww shit now, fly coffee tables, haircuts dust
Money this long, you wish you could roll with us
Supersoak us, your bitch chose us
Be sure to stay away from friends you can't trust



It's been so long
(Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Since he had a true friend
(That's right, that's right)
True friends are sure hard to come by
(Uh-huh)
But then again
His loyalties lie within
Always kept his head to the sky
And they can't see... no n-n-no-no
(Check it..I want all y'all...remember this? Yo...c'mon, c'mon)
They can't see him walking through the darkness... no-n-n-no-no
(Ooha-ooha! yo, Ooha-ooha! uh-huh, yeah, Ooha-ooha! Ooha-ooha!)
They can't see him walking through the darkness


Yo, yo, yo, the new President America
Flash money, act funny
Party, ride the bubbly
Goons and thugs, double Hennessy
One shot to the nose, double energy
I don Wallabees, fucking remember me
Guess who's back? The W embassy!
Even in the dark we electricity, rap celebrities for the longevity
Staten and Manhattan, that's all liberty
B.E.T, MTV always big on me
That I rock coliseums, cop a drop BM
Drunk throw his dick out on stage, I gotta see him
Then he sung:
*Ha! Let's get druuunnnnk! Ha!
Let's get drunk and hiiiiiiiIIIIIIGH yeahhhh!*


Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, throw your hands in the air, throw your hands in the air
(They can't see him walking through the darkness)
Like this y'all, like that y'all... c'mon, yeah
(c'mon, no-o-o they can't see him walking through the darkness)
Yeah... ma, c'mon boo... yeah that's right... motherfucka
(No-o-o, they can't see him walking through the darkness)
Yeah... c'mon ma, rock that sick... that's right yo, look at ??? over there
C'mon, c'mon we breakin' it down
(Ooh no-o, they can't see him walking through, walking through)
Uh-huh, these are the best dancers in the house tonight
Ladies and gentlemen give them a round of applause
(No, and the earth, they can't explain... on his road to become... become)
Uh-huh, that's how I like it, that's right, listening to the sounds of Ghost
Radio...
It's like that y'all... Staten Island, New York
(the chased and get hazed)
New York in the house, make some noise!
(but ???)



* samples were not cleared for the official album release


Y'know? General, general! Word out...
Yeah...
Aiyyo man.. you poppin fuckers
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


It's just rules with beats - you clown niggas can't rule the streets
We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East
Taking over the block!
"From the gate now!"
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)
Aiyyo, it's just rules with beats - you clown niggas can't rule the streets
We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East
Taking over the block, you can't fuck with the block!
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


Aiyyo, I stay funky and piley, blue Excelero
They lookin for me, what the fuck you behind me for?
Stressing everything I breathe on
I'm from the boulevard where niggas get jacked and peed on
Whatever homey, we more lavish
I might sneak you in the crib, see my lasers and glasses
Try to get my come up on
Yo, and when you see me, you know I got my "come up" arm on
Cartier called me up, robbery here
We got your seed in the back of the Beemer starving
We like lion killers, catch me on stage with the gauge
In my right hand, grenade and this leather bomber
I scout money, you know we hungry and talk funny
Coughing out corner rappers, don't never walk up on me
I write with only insane Malkovich
My troops gave me money to clown with them, fuck it
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


My first gun was a .32, back before uh!
Graduated to the .38, maybe a nine
I prefer the fo' five, stay alive
Techs held the crack gank in '88
8 oz. straight from Florida, the best temp
Camouflage vest, repping the set
Wu on the east wing, twenty-ten, sexy bad
We up at Spain with that thing thing, my crew strong
We take no search for your party dunn, you know how I run
Spray places, cover faces, beat cases
A big mouth will get your teeth knocked the fuck out
Keep a nunchuk, take money, stay ninja
I injure, any motherfuckin contender
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


Hey bitch, your time's up! Go finish them rhymes up
All my soldiers is lined up, my corners is crimed up
Niggas know where to find us, settin the grind up
Police checkin them pies up, my rims are shined up
Wu! We on the rise up, crops supplied up
Plottin niggas demise up, boxed in conduct
Scratch we got 'em sized up, and when the East is in the house
You, you, you, you, you...
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


On the side of the projects, grey skully, bubble 'Lo goose
Mac 11 tucked in front of the belly
Prestigious moves, we killin 'em, hoes we drillin 'em
We like George Foreman out in the streets, we grillin 'em
In the van, .45's and dilly's, ready to slam it
House arrest box is goin off, Tony got grams
Gotta bath tub full of white, lay in it like Sam Montana
Tune 'em out, to blow out, chop 'em like fans
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


This is boulevard hard, lounging in your black car
Camouflage rat guard on "Stomp the Yard"
I-N-S spit monster bars, flip long regards
My click dons bitch, y'all are frauds
I get it in like Tim off the glass
Slamming my name, I'm like the prez, sending men off to blast
What I spit, make 'em spend all their cash
I'm so Wu, so new that I ain't ripped off the tags
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


RZA done birthed us, some curse on purpose
I'm the grouch, my mouth is a circus
Burner plus a good learner, don't need a hood
All I need's a good burner, Nat Turner
Snake rat murderer, all I hear is turf talk
Rack rooms full of goons with bullet wound birthmarks
From the first spark, you heard my response
(Wu-Tang!) More results talkin 'bout whole crew's mission just lost
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


Out the beehive, you dip and you dive
But you still can't survive, you can't see past five
Check the outlook, this is not in the book
You bein dragged across the floor while your 'dro in my hook
Lyrical joust, found all the deal off the books
Steve Rif gave the nod to Universal, good look
Still spit poison venom, Red Monkey and Wu dem
Have any dudes seen the condos? It's all 'em
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)


Put my +clan in da front+, +reunite+ 'em
Make 'em all R.S.V.P., if they want it, we don't invite 'em
No beef, less talk and more action
We parole as a whole, we'll send you back in fractions
Break through fanatic, low crates deep in attics
The Abbott pulled out a .45, looped with static
I scrolled through the menu then rolled to the venue
The dress code is armor all, put a hole up in him
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)




Oh yeah, as we celebrate hip-hop, baby
Oh yeah, as we celebrate hip-hop, baby, whoa
Yeah, it's Ghostface and the man Kid Capri
Let's celebrate New York, around the world
And yo, Ghostface, go in heavy, man, let's do it!


(I just want to celebrate)
Like my squad won the Super Bowl
(I just want to celebrate)
Like we bangin' on New Years Eve, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like we just beat trial
(I just want to celebrate)
We hype for just being here


Stones on every arm, the crib is ten million
The corks from Dom Perignon can't reach my ceiling
Four maids with four grenades
When the sun's in my face, all I do is lower the walls for shade
The pool's a pain in the ass, 50 grand on Windex, kid
They keep it clean, the whole bottom is glass
So you can see the sharks and piranhas, a pair of pajamas
That's my neighbor, the faggot disresepecting my mama
No cars in the garage, it's underground shit
They way the floor open up you think I'm hiding spaceships
French chefs, the best grapes on they breath
Louie aprons on the Yank cats, the puffy cooks the rest
Besides, I got birds that never leave the nest
They fuck with me, I'll watch 'em confess, then I'll go rest
Get back up, deposit them checks
Muthafuckas fuckin' up a good time by snappin' your necks


(I just want to celebrate)
Like my baby's first steps, you heard?
(I just want to celebrate)
Like my first time platinum, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like my first piece of nookie, uhh
(I just want to celebrate)
We hype for just being here


Money for everybody, candy to the kids
Catch me on dateline, Starky too big
I'm like a mannequin; I stay jig
Mansion parties for all star weekend in my L.A. crib
We came to party, run out of Goose we got Dollies
Shorty's sweatin' me, check out her body
Throw up your hands like it's your birthday, mami
Let's celebrate, now I got her girlfriends behind me
Now I'm in the middle, watch is all chiseled
I can holla at the birds, like Dr. Dolittle
(What's that in your pocket, Ghost?) A Dill pickle
(Not that) Oh, that's the .45 stainless nickel
I'm pullin' a green, got a G for the biggest ass on the floor who look right in them jeans
If you fat, I might take one for the team
But I gotta get drunk first, know what I mean? Come on!


(I just want to celebrate)
Like we won the Power Ball money
(I just want to celebrate)
Tony Starks won an Oscar, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like all of my goons just came home
(I just want to celebrate)
We 'bout to have a good year


Na-na-na-na-nah, you can't catch me
I'm out like Thomas in a five-fifty
Police be fiending to frisk me
I'm so legit I walk away with the car keys pissy
Back at the labo, shorty wop need a Dutch
He fuckin' wit a Goose dick, tonight I'ma beat it up
Your thing to wet, you sure you ain't seeded up?
(That's how I get, Ghost, especially when you eat it up)
My goodness gracious, ass is flirtatious
Move it around like a snake miss or sexy waitress
Ghost don't have no patience
I like you, I usually change chicks like radio stations
I'm definitely not looking for love
But if you give it to me right now I might say I was
You can chill if you want, I got crazy bud
But before we do, what it do, go jump in the tub; come on!


(I just want to celebrate)
Throw your hands up, nigga
(I just want to celebrate)
Pop the 'pagne, pop the cork
(I just want to celebrate)
Representin' on the streets of New York
(I just want to celebrate)
{Ghostface} We 'bout to have a good year


Yeah, we gets it in, gets it in, gets it in
New York, we been had it, we gets it in
Outta town we fuckin' up but gets it in
Worldwide we doin', we gets it in
The Ghostface, Kid Capri, I gets it in
That's no joke, when we here, we get it in
No kiddin', in the building
Getting it in, all day, getting it in...




Yeah, yo
Ayo my cocaine's whiter than Colgate
And when Christ come, I'mma go relocate
Finish off them dimes, big slabs of crack lighting my gangsta's will
Bury me at the plate in Bronx Bombers' field
Give my young guards the four horses
My baby girls get the pink Porches
Dookie gems and they're all gorgeous
King Tone had a mean fortress
A French maid blowin' me down like Fara Fawcett
My gun collection is big in the Adolf section
My little mini me, he bump off the Mexicans
Mostly known for my earlobe
Four million dollar disco ball, shit dope
My wrist cut bang glass on the crystal floor
At Club Shiznit with romy roam just came home
Violate a parole selling cell phones, with a Snoop Dogg perm
His brother puffs sherm through two and big worm


Weight, my my my money fold up
Uh, my my my pockets swolled up
Say what, say what, just roll up
What's the hold up, unload and reload up


Hell fire (hell fire), Hamburger Hill shell fire
Kill quiet like a knife on the front line, private
Live riot stage show, verse burn, flamethrow
Overthrow, take over, name known around the globe
King cobra, poison slow fang, jungle overgrown
Wu-Tang, Ghostface, Alchemist killing the song
Top billing, feeling famous, chopping heads, rock iller


Comic villain on painkillers watching Good Fellas
Dancing in the dungeon all by myself
I say I think I'm going crazy, that's a cry for help
My phone don't ring but get sexy text messages
Gun under my couch, thoughts of bitches mud wrestling
Me I'm just chillin' with killers at my disposal
I have a feeling you will accept my proposal
Put another dime in the jukebox, I love rock 'n roll
Bulletproof vest, Glock, lock 'n load


Weight, my my my money fold up
Uh, my my my pockets swolled up
Say what, say what, just roll up
What's the hold up, unload and reload up


Rap zombie I'm controlled by powers beyond me
I go from the drum machine straight to the DVD
To the hard drive, to the G5, to the computer screen
To the lab through the speakers to the pens and the pads
To the science, to the math, to the vocab
Straight to the vocal booth, to the mic, back to that old rap
Through the speakers to the place where your heart and your soul at
Drop out the drums, rough mix, straight to the work that
Bounce the track to disc format and then burn that
To the CD, we take it to the truck where the systems at
Make sure the bass hit like a thunderclap
Then I double back to the lab fast like I was running laps
I freeze, back to the Digi D to an MP3
Through the internet freeway, straight to the DJ
Straight to the radio, constant airplay
I gotta keep food on my plate
So I'm moving that


Weight, my my my money fold up
Uh, my my my pockets swolled up
Say what, say what, just roll up
What's the hold up, unload and reload up




Tony Starks fights again for survival
And by just a thin thread of electric current
Wins another victory


Ugh, c'mon, yeah, c'mon y'all
(Bounce wit us) Hip-hop
(What? Celebrities, what?)
(Street corner) For all my niggas
Crack spot niggas
*Chip Banks starts to sing "we made it"*
Chicken ass mothafuckas, envious bitches
Yo, you know what y'all...


Make me wan' pop something, no champagne
Two-five on me, weed and crack on me
Bitch motherfucker tried to get a rep' off me
Leave him there, never know, get him off me
I remember days when we just fucked bitches
Bought a lot of clothes and, played the ave
Now we rap niggas with a lot of wardrobes
And if we want a nigga dead we pay the cash
I ain't trying to waste my career on y'all
Even scuffle with y'all, waste gear on y'all
But if I gotta go out, you know I'mma show out
You gon' fuck around and get your whole back blown out
I remember on the Island, Cay tone out
In the Mess Hall hall, about to zone out
Dumb motherfuckers with our microphone out
We just dumb motherfuckers with our microphone out


See.. see.. see, see me I roll with Ghost and
Cats that carry they toast make the post and
Front page and, center-staging
When it's time to bust off them things, it ain't a game man
We rocked out own diamond rings, see them 'bling, bling'
Got big boy toys, push sixes
Dime bitches, told y'all before we import those
Jury stay froze, court cases get closed
Niggas hate Nino cause how fast I rose up
Like George Jefferson and 'em, stepping on 'em
The headline read, "Starks had the weapon on 'em"
And the vest, what y'all expect? He a vet
Plus the best, now tell me how we gon' fail
When we dealing with 'Supreme Clientele

 (x2)
From Rikers Island to the Cayman Island
We thugs like, life is the same challenge
Do the knowledge, recognize your talent
And if you live the streets, you better stay silent


Yo, spotted at The Mirage, Ghostface swarmed by groupies
Mingle among stars, I come in cat, invades Mars
Highlight of the century, first bet placed upon entry
Fainted when the book mentioned me
Keep balling, new systems, high sciences
Drop that, Ghost listening, track sizzling
Angelica, Judy Plum for bitches, Goines king of the century
Best sellers for niggas, stay together
Posted up trucks, leaning on the Benz cinemax smile
Shot in thirty-five lens you program
Broke bottles of Dom, seven inch bangles, back breakers
I'm a dope fiend, look at my arm, Popeye strength
Rap with a British accent, Gucci clothes
Dennis Coles in the latest fashions blow backs in
Flip raps like forty-eight bundles
Dinner plates, deadly front gates, celeb Bryant Gumbel


Analyze This shit like De Niro
Words in your center ear hole
Blocks of ice like Sub-Zero, we been right since day zero
Shatter your soul like glass windows
Turn virgins to nymphos, pop these hollows
At fake cats in a Tahoe
Wild out, throw your liquor bottles
At hood rats to the richest models
We conversate like Christ and the Twelve Apostles
And life without you, held counsel with great men
To murderers in the state pen
Being caged in the wages of sin
Before they read up they pop our tape in
You ain't gotta tuck you chain in
Cause here we want the head of Satan
Doo-rags and our pants hanging

*Chip Banks starts to sing "we made it" again*


Uh-huh, uh-huh that's right y'all
Street corners, jail niggas
Riker's Island, Ge-Grey Haven
Big Un, that's right y'all
Word up, all y'all, all y'all crumbs
We made it, nigga step the fuck off
True indeed, true indeed
Yeah, Ready Red, that's right, my nigga Born
That's right yo, Lil' Free in the feds
That's right, you'll be home nigga
Yeah, we made it
Yeah, C Allah, word up
That's fam
Yeah, check it out, Staten Island
True indeed, Five boroughs
Check it, uh-huh



You ain't sayin' nothing slick to a can of oil
Tell your man to tell his man that his man's a girl
I holds weight, ya'll niggas skinny like Olive Oil
We throws atleast half a ki' in the pot to boil
Royal niggas, rags to riches
Because your boy breaks bitches like glasses, dishes
Burn money like I put it in some grass and spliffed it
If I don't get my man that's passed, it's not misses
Female donkeys, ya'll niggas ass and dickless
Hard white rap, just some foil like chiclets
Never had a wife, you better settle for the mistress
The truth like Al Capone dying for the syphlis
Cross me, you name flying on the hit list
Ya'll niggas buck, won't even pop a clutch on the gear shift
That ain't the hard pose, nigga, you just scared stiff
I'm on my grizzly, you might walk right into bear shit
You rock your pants too tight, get off that queer shit
No turning back when it's on, I ain't trynna hear shit
Like the coast guard, I got them choppers than can airlift
Sword, don't you know what you bring?
You destroy everything - all the blood that you give to men
There's, no excuse I could give - we just all want to live
All the war that you bring to men
War - is comin' home - takes families
War - I'm not a great big fan of it
War - is something that is scandalous
Oh no  oh no
War - is comin' by air, land, & sea
War - is man's insanity
This world... for sure...
Must stop - this world of war
Tell ya fake niggas don't get me involved, my back is chunky
Four-five hanging out the jeans, is crunchy
Facial hair beard, looking like Abe Lincoln
Stand next to you and my jewels look like ya cage is shrinking
Love sweets like a dope fiend, nodder with fat hands
Keep birds around me, they be calling me Batman
Precisely I pop like cheap luggage, prefusely bleeding
Word on the streets is you lost three buckets
F*ck it, you keep dying, I'm into red diamonds
Rob me, bitch, I have your whole hood crying
Lighting candles on the street like, 'why you trying? '
Oh lord, why you had to lullabye him
His jewels is cursed, his seeds is first
When he do shows, he pop a wheelie off his murst
Six three, medium built, tall like Lurch
While ya'll faggots be sleep, he be putting in work
That's his absorbance stance, I got it down to a glance
It's war, I got the biggest gun down my pants, pants
Got a rock, rocket in my pocket
For to knock ya head right out the socket
Turn teardrops to smile, been glanced this spare child
Spra ya gallon of mace in your face, burn off your 'brows
No phone home, you dribbling, we stone ya sibling
Get my bloods from Tilden, to burn your building
Poison tip dagger sword, chop through your collar bone
No, you don't got a f*cking chance to holler home
Nice dream, your sliced spleen, cut through your ice bling
G-O-D, heats, melts you like it's ice cream
I'm not vanilla, I'm black panther chinchilla
My cousin's an orangutan, my brother's a gorilla
The other's a ape, he turn a rainbow straight
Get you trapped in the jungle now you can't escape
War it is, that's the biz, Glock pop, plops the feds
Split your wig, crack your whip, smack your wiz, blast your 'quip
Chains and whips, planes and ships, guns, swords and flintstones
And bricks, munch, clothes and kicks, you know it's




You ain't sayin' nothing slick to a can of oil
Tell your man to tell his man that his man's a girl
I holds weight, ya'll niggas skinny like Olive Oil
We throws atleast half a ki' in the pot to boil
Royal niggas, rags to riches
Because your boy breaks bitches like glasses, dishes
Burn money like I put it in some grass and spliffed it
If I don't get my man that's passed, it's not misses
Female donkeys, ya'll niggas ass and dickless
Hard white rap, just some foil like chiclets
Never had a wife, you better settle for the mistress
The truth like Al Capone dying for the syphlis
Cross me, you name flying on the hit list
Ya'll niggas buck, won't even pop a clutch on the gear shift
That ain't the hard pose, nigga, you just scared stiff
I'm on my grizzly, you might walk right into bear shit
You rock your pants too tight, get off that queer shit
No turning back when it's on, I ain't trynna hear shit
Like the coast guard, I got them choppers than can airlift


Sword, dont you know what you bring?
You destroy everything - all the blood that you give to men
There's, no excuse I could give - we just all want to live
All the war that you bring to men
War - is comin' home - takes families
War - I'm not a great big fan of it
War - is something that is scandalous
Oh no - oh no
War - is comin' by air, land, & sea
War - is man's insanity
This world.. for sure..
Must stop - this world of war


Tell ya fake niggas don't get me involved, my back is chunky
Four-five hanging out the jeans, is crunchy
Facial hair beard, looking like Abe Lincoln
Stand next to you and my jewels look like ya cage is shrinking
Love sweets like a dope fiend, nodder wit fat hands
Keep birds around me, they be calling me Batman
Precisely I pop like cheap luggage, prefusely bleeding
Word on the streets is you lost three buckets
Fuck it, you keep dying, I'm into red diamonds
Rob me, bitch, I have your whole hood crying
Lighting candles on the street like, 'why you trying?'
Oh lord, why you had to lullabye him
His jewels is cursed, his seeds is first
When he do shows, he pop a wheelie off his murst
Six three, medium built, tall like Lurch
While ya'll faggots be sleep, he be putting in work


That's his absorbance stance, I got it down to a glance
It's war, I got the biggest gun down my pants, pants
Got a rock, rocket in my pocket
For to knock ya head right out the socket
Turn teardrops to smile, been glanced this spare child
Spra ya gallon of mace in your face, burn off your 'brows
No phone home, you dribbling, we stone ya sibling
Get my bloods from Tilden, to burn your building
Poison tip dagger sword, chop through your collar bone
No, you don't got a fucking chance to holler home
Nice dream, your sliced spleen, cut through your ice bling
G-O-D, heats, melts you like it's ice cream
I'm not vanilla, I'm black panther chinchilla
My cousin's an orangutan, my brother's a gorilla
The other's a ape, he turn a rainbow straight
Get you trapped in the jungle now you can't escape
War it is, that's the biz, Glock pop, plops the feds
Split your wig, crack your whip, smack your wiz, blast your 'quip
Chains and whips, planes and ships, guns, swords and flintstones
And bricks, munch, clothes and kicks, you know it's






I'm unstable, I'm fatal, just read the label
Got a lock, just like a jail, I'm on point, just like a scale
Ferocious, the flow explosive, overdosing, I'm , it's potent
Look what I'm smoking, flowing like locomotives
This fear unloading, I'm floating, got me flying like Boeings
And getting paid is the motto, and the sosa the slogan
They say that cash rules everything, everything ain't anything
Pacqui died, infrared beam with the steady aim
I'm getting head like decapitation, my wax amazing
My lust for guns got me fascinated, I'm captivating
And mad riches, so many bitches, some riches with it
The bad bitches they asskissing to get with this shit
I can sense movement, I'm fluent bout what I'm doing
The truest we never losing, you can't fuck with a movement
So just get gone or get down, the body might not get found
You see it then just take it, what you see is what you get now


What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills


Ayo my arm got a similar aim like James Bond
, one bad broad
Fly down slopes in the Aston
Tipped the cooks, slipped them 2 $100 bills in a napkin
 guns, big homes on the beachfront
Slick Rick mouth, dirty diamonds in each front
Uhuh, my squad's very articular
We all order sakes at the bar, burn a wicked spliff
This ain't a myth, Metropolitan acknowledging
I get pussy like gynecologist, been on klonopin
Rumor has it my jury's magic, your ruby's flashing
I sound so clean I should be digitally remastered
Tone, I stay read down like valentine
Rest my head out in a palace out in Palestine


What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills


I been a bitch like 80 times in my '85
Cause I'm a ladies guy, all the bitches pay the ride
You gotta pay to play nowadays, hustle hustle everyday
Yeah I been around the way, I made my way from A to Zay
Now I'm back upon the track, I keep moving like crack
I bomb atomically, I drop it on em like Iraq
 no longer struggle
I hustle in the jungle with bungles and all I see is trouble
I keep it moving, not losing, now doing what I do
Original Aboriginal Indigenous crew
I got my tomahawk, split em like an Autobot
Decepticons running those bots with a lot of rock
They moving slow like an avalanche, pimping in the Cadillac
Drop it on the block homie, just like a battleaxe
What you see is what you get, well you just got got
So keep them dollar dollar bills on me, go get lots


What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get paid
Get made or just get laid - hustle, hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now, get down or just get killed
Guess they'll all just get real - hustle, get them dollar bills




(Instrumentals)
Ha ha ha
Grind over matter
Yo it's all about snow goons

Ayo ayo whats up this is sean stubs
I got ma mans Aspects and Coyote
They'll let you know what it is
We going in on shit
We about to burn it down ya'll hear the voice scratching


Yo i'm unstable i'm fatal just read the label
Got a lot just like a just like a j i'm on point
Like a scare ferocious the flow is  overdosing
I'm dosing something is potent
Like when i'm smoking rolling like a locomotive
If fear is loading got me flying like Boeings
And getting paid is the motive
And it's sold in the slogan they say
Cash rules everything, everything and anything
Packi died hit the red beam with a steady aim
I'm getting head like decapitation ma  amazing
Ma lust for guns got me fascinated i'm captivated
I'm mad rich i'm ambitious so vicious with it
And bad bitches they ass kissing to get with this shit
I keeps it moving i'm fluent but what i'm doing
Truth is we never lose you can't fuck with the movement
So just take on or just get down yo body might not get found
You see it then your stake is what you see is what you get now


What you see is what you get now
Get down or just paid
Get maid or just get laid
Hustle hustle everyday
What you see is what you get now
Get down or just get killed
Get still or just get real
Hustle get them dollar bills


Ayo ma arms got a similar aim as james bond
Every boss have got her, one bad blonde
Flying down slowes in the Auston
 split them two hundred dollar bills in the napkin
Lusting over guns big house on the beach front
Slick Rick's mouth dirty diamonds on east front
Uh ma squads very articulate
We order those sackies at the bar burn a wicked spliff
This ain't a myth metropolitan acknowledging
I get pussy like a gynecologist been on 
Rumour has it ma jewelry is magic and rubies flashing
I sound so clear I should be digitally remastered
Tone I stay red down like valentine
Rest ma head in the palace out in palestine




I banged a bitch like 80 times in ma 85
Cause I'm a ladies guy all the bitches pay to ride
You gotta pay to play nowadays hustle hustle everyday
Yea I been around the way made my way from A-Z
Now i'm back up on the track I keep moving like crack
I ball atomically I drop it on them like Iraq
 the devil doubled all of his struggles
I hustle in the jungle with bottles and all I see is trouble
I keep it moving  not losing I do what I do
Original aboriginal indigenous crew
I got ma  split them like and Auto bot
Decepticons running don't spots where the ladder at
They moving slow like an avalanche pimping in the cadalac
Stomping on the block homie just like the battle act
What you see is what you get well you just get got
So get yo dollar dollar bills homie go get lots





* originally the "Box in Hand (Remix)" from the Box in Hand 12"


Yeah, assorted flavor Clarks
No doubt
The beer champ
Yeah, curly head kid
Yo, yo, yo

From Gators to blazers, low fades and razors
Big dick saloon, I contact the womb; the black asian
Which location keeps circulating
My wonder twin power activate - shit on this nation
Allah seen represent the gummy with the green
Who walk mean stand up on your block and burn a bean
Sir Ballentine, lookin at that bitch wide behind
The thing that's fuckin up a girl is that swine
Then turn around take my last pull off the L
These niggas on the block keep looking at me well
But they want the jewel it ain't hard to tell
I recognize his face, he actin like Denzel
But fuck him, I went to check low for chop
On a ball gone the size like faith up top
Now it's a whole new ball game, strategic mind frame
My dialogue's rebellious raid and razor fame
Glass out a red light, see Killah get on a ninja bike
Show my love to the God he peeled out and made a right
{*Sound of speeding motorcycle*}


When you walking down the street with your - Box in your hand
And you bringing the music of the - Wu-Tang Clan
And you hear Ironman on your - radio rapping
Your feet start the dancing and your - hands start the clapping


Street's running through your dancehall gunning
Like Lee Harvey Oswald stunning slapping MC's with summons
For pumping - that watered down substance
Beef there's slugs finger creeping
Making moves like Crying Freeman
Prince of thieves, earth's third seed
Heavyweight like golden fleeces homicides stroll the street
In Blue Caprices, look at the thugs holding heat
In the city beef got me plotting trilogy
To the smoke enemies sneak attacks I'm beyond and above that
Seen that done that, respect black
I catch a slug to your hardhat
Lounging in the everglades, surfing the airwave
Catch a buck fifty where the razorblades swiftly
Shaolin cats be shiesty, strictly
Drunk off the Irish whiskey




Rest your headpiece on this one son
Cough up a lung
Sleeping on my murderous type ones I get you done
I'm looking at these cuthroat kids and how they live
It's like we was partners in spades and you renege
Can't fuck with no nigga like that he get me jack
Or sent back, meaning whole life fade to black
I'm looking in the half of right and roll tight
Fool me once but can't fool me twice, I'm 25
To life on this mic device I'm nothing nice
A mixture of long wild rice and no spice
Inflicted, rap addicted, track I stick it, flip it
Daddy long dick-ed, slide
A little bit beyond twisted, mind in stitches
You thought weak but meant wicked
Niggas choke off my second hand smoke lifted
Everyday is like my birthday I'm mad gifted, dead calm
Hit me with the eighteen bronze, buddah palm
About to blow like Napalm, before your arm
Prepare for the warfare, or buy a share
Oh what the fuck we dealing with, yeah
Johnny about to go there
Need another year
Bust a shot for my sons that didn't make it here






Take me across her lap, she used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad
Bad


Picture me snotty nose sittin on my aunt's lap
The kid like 5 or 6 shit I will curse back
I got it from the older folks sittin in the living room
Everybody had cups stylistic song boom
But then came Darryl Mack lightin' all the reefer up
Baby caught a contact I'm trying to tie my sneaker up
I'm missing all the loops strings going in the wrong holes
It feels like I'm wobbling, look at all these afros
Soon as I thought I was good the joke's on me
I heard a voice "get in the room," I get angry
Stomp my feet, catch a tantrum
Spit, scream, fuck that
Momma shake me real hard, then get the big gat
That's called the belt help me as I yelled
I'm in the room like (panting)"huh, huh, huh" with mad welps
Ragged out, bad belt yes her presence was felt
Then get my black ass in the bed it's time crash out (crash out)




Despite the alcohol, I had a great old Mama
She famous for her slaps and to this day she's honored
But when I was a lil dude her son was a lil rude
I picked the peas off my plate and pour juice in a nigga food
Get beat, then I'd run and tell grandman "mama hit me for no reason"
She whipped me hard when I finished eatin
And felt that belt stingin after I wet that bed
Hid my drawers and start cryin, when she felt that bed
Caught another when I told her those the fake pro-keds
In the corner weavin and screamin trying to block my head (ahHH!)
Nowadays kids don't get beat, they get big treats
Fresh pair of sneaks, punishments like have a seat
Back then when friends and neighbors would bust that ass
And bring you back to your momma she got the switch in the stash
That's back to back beatings
Only went outside for free lunch with welts on my legs still leakin yo





{*skit plays for first minute or so of track*}


Congratulations, we have refreshments and glass bracelets
Avian water's ya choice, put ice
I'm missing a g-note, fixed price
But the only thing fixed, is the holes that we put in the dice
Rocks is okay, my voice is extraordinaire
The man that scrapped with lions, hiberated with polar bears
Hope I don't play with baking soda in my older years
Mantles'll sit up like hill, I'd have to fold my beard
Check one, two, Sonny, tell Bob to dim the lights up
You see the studs, I want the red strobe to hit it right
Stones are screaming, hot lattes, the rosees
My robes is a murder statement, you fucking with rode rage
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls
Children of all ages, I pack metal like braces
Snap of the fingers, bitches fighting over my paper
Y'all need to chill, sit the fuck down and fix ya makeup
Ghost is ya host, so allow me, hand me ya coats
Bentley Farnsworth, will check them proudly
We got D-Block, Wu-Tang, Jay-Z and Nas
Also performing 50 Cent, Terror Squad
From the top, we have the great Luda, Jeezy and Wayne
T.I., Rick Ross, Rich Boy, Snoop and The Game
And for my ladies, we have, Ne-Yo with Usher
Y'all have a seat, we be right back, mothafucka...


Come on, this commercial break's almost over
OutKast, M.J.G., you're at Talib's table
Fab, U.G.K., table seven, let's go, come on
Yo, Beans, Toney said "Good looking on that haze"
Commercial, come on, let's go, guys...
Coming back in, five, four, three, two, one...


Yeah, check out my band playing, Rhythm Roots Allstars
They play for DipSet, E-40, Lil' Jon, Jennifer Hudson and Norah Jones
Mary J. Blige, with her shades on, I could tell by her stones
On the left, we have Lenny Kravitz, Puffy, Pharrell, Bus
Keith Murray, Redman, hitting that double Dutch
What an event, peace to Denzel
Give this man a round of applause, he do it so well {*applause*}


Ladies and gents, ladies and gents...
Alright, alright, have a seat, have a seat...
Without further adiou, he needs no introduction
He is my co-host... Shawn Ripple!
(Alright, is this thing on? Eh, eh, sweetheart, come here
Got a hundred dollar bill tattooed on my cock
Heard you like to... blow money... hahaha)


It was amazing, I seen Robin Thicke and Robin Leech
Robin Givens, Robin Williams and Meryl Streep
A real award show, there's Kanye West
Pamela Anderson, and she brought both of them breasts
Paris Hilton and Lindsay, holding down Britney's skirt
No more free looks, you gotta put in work
To get a glimpse, seen Don Juan with all of his pimps
And they hoes on they side, sipping they four-fives
And Billy Dean...


Excuse me, have you seen Alicia Keys?
Tell her the limo's outside, she's bouncing with me
The Don, y'all rappers don't steal my ash trays
My coat hangers is diamonded out like my last gates
Superhead, gave the low scoop to Halle
She said, before Whitney, she was fucking with Bobby
Mos Def, The Roots, Common and Nelly
Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Three 6 Maf', yo, and she fucked O.J... word?




Staten Island stand up, New York City stand up
Ya'll about to witness something ya'll never heard before
(Yeah) {Theodore, nigga} Let's go, fucka (Bonecrusher)
Know what I mean (the south and the north) Bang this in your trucks
{Ant Acid, what up?} (Ghostface, Trife) {yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah}
(Theodore, let's go) Aiyo, aiyo


I'm not a gangsta, I'm an army of one
But Trife Diesel, Toney Starks, go together, like Bacardi and Rum
See this burner on my waist, to refurnish your face
The lead from the barrel, leave mouths with a permanent taste
And have these faggot niggas, squirmin' to Jake, they so frail
Cuz like Ernest, just wanna see me Goin' To Jail
But your boy'll make bail, get out and set sail
And hit, every drug spot in the hood, and collect mail
It's Trife, the barbarian, quick to put your dog to sleep like veterinarians
Have him layin' up somewhere in the Presbyterian
Doctors pumpin' air in 'em
They got his soul floatin', like he was high off of helium
My block is like the Gaza Strip, opposite of metropolis
We hungry like some hostages, niggas get shot and die for this
While you sittin', write about stories, that just do not exist
Your lies is fabricated, and you? Don't make no kind of sense


Parker Bear, for sure we some killas
Wide Street, the thriller in Manilla
We runnin', nowhere, so nigga, don't go there
Get stuck to sleep, nigga, fuckin' with me
Who are we? (718) Some bonifide killas
Who are we? (404) Some street wide killas
Who are we? {Theodore} Some bonifide killas
We run, nowhere, so nigga, don't go there


I'm gonna show ya'll niggas how we gettin' down
And how we flip your town, The Terminator
Got you dudes, look who snitchin' now
Fe-fi-fo-fam it, it's Tony Montana
My hammer be tippin' the scale, have you hittin' the canvas
In Kansas, they call me Rich Rock, not for my cracks
My fingers be wearin' big blocks, bitch, you can get shot up
Traumed up drama, not enough gores to rep
Partner, somebody, tell 'em Ghost, keep that big armor
Four-fifths, thirty eights, broke inside these twenty-two's
Jim Starr's, leave a scar, mac-11's, do to
I roll like a Bonecrusher, touch it like Usher, I "burn"
See me in New Orleans, start puffin' on 'sherm
All my Dirty South niggas jump, cheer us on, pussy hump
Greasy ease' niggas, fuck that, like the Grammy's up
Theodore, we makin' our paper, we bout to ante up
Ya'll niggas know from Staten to Brooklyn we got the jammy tucked
Do you and your father, kill a germ now before it spread
Anywhere further, don't bother, sweet horror
Thanks to the revolver, Ramik had the leap from the heat
Like he was Frogger, bang monster King Arthur
Guns older than Bob Barker, graze comin' out the nose barrel
Trouble maybe, then we from Harvard


We roll, big guns, hut one, hut two
Staten Island, A.T.L., what ya'll wanna do?




Yeah, what up, Staten Island, stand up
That's right, New York City, stand up
Bonecrusher, Theodore Unit, A.T.L
This that shit, get your wig popped off, muthafucka



Intro: RZA and Ghostface, Raekwon () and somebody 

Word. Man fuck that nigga
Fuck that crab, ass, bitch 
 (Put down the gun son)
 (Put down the gun son)
Niggas tried to front on my little sister (Put down the gun)


They tried to, tried to front on this (Put down the gun son)

Yeah, check it out y'all (put down the, put down the gun son)

It's on like that y'all word up, Iron Man comes back

Yo check it

Verse One: RZA

Put away your heaters, throw up your dick beaters
Accurate blows to his nose shut his eyes closed to a centimeter
Bitches on the fences wonderin what the fuck the suspense is
I land heavy uppercuts in the corner of the park fences
Knocked his mouthpiece front teeth got locked inside my knuckle
He grabbed the belt buckle, attempt to catch me with a couple
Of low blows to the nuts, on ringside was as a giant du-els
Send your Barb for this fuckin jew On a Wire
He couldn't chessbox that's when he reached for his ahhs
Brother chopped me on the top of my knot, but he got stopped
When a twelve ounce bottle of Bartyle and James had him startled
A bitch threw it caught him in his head, at full throttle
He fell, the glass crashed, he wasn't saved by the bell
That was his ass black
So when it comes to physical combat
We can take it hand to hand or go beyond that
Do you want my gat to make the contact?
Retirin cats who lack the heart to fire back?


Chorus: Raekwon

Put down the gun son, son matter of fact, shoot the one on one
Hold it down, make sure the head, sure nuff don't hit the ground
Lampin on the handball courts, or the square, we can take it there
Settle it son, who the champion?

[It's like that, niggas want to front, one more time?
I'mma show you like this. One on each side
This is it word up. We gonna lay you back
We gonna rest your back, you won't know how to act
When it come to bigger, showin and provin
Niggas styles is wack] Who the champion? Settle it son

Verse Two: Ghostface Killer

Yo!
I had to run up on this King I Divine, for his shines
He saw the stash and caught my mailbox for eighty dimes
He saw me stashin, like a pipe-link for mega fiends
I held it down like the finger fly miraculous King
Peep through the heavy small get the camoflouge
Starks master in charge, pushin through every building, sippin egg nog
Niggas know my status God body carry big batters
Fiends know me for my blue bags, besides smackin crabs
And earnin mine, this bitch Sha cat, gotta get his back bent
What the hell just made him fuck with my intelligent?
Back to pollyin', I heard some noise we pack a two twelve
There go Lord Shamel, faggot made a sale
He's sellin my shit, I should slap fire out his ass
Snap his bones in half and watch the stock market crash
I walked up on him, he had the nerve to say Peace God
Ain't nuttin Peace God, you stole it now we out in the streets
Take your shit off, nigga you soft, back up off
You's a shady nigga, I'm a sever fig you with a gloss
I snuffed him, threw a crazy left and I cuffed him
Allah don't like ugly so I held back from bustin him
I passed the burn off, he caught me from the blind side
Tapped a nigga jaw, I shot my fifty-two style, and crazy raw
I had my ice on, tapped a few times, he started leakin
The King with the deadarm, Shamel fell to his knees and
He started wheezin, losin his breath from smokin trees and
I'm still breathin, bleedin because it's frontin season
Now I got that project belt, international/national
Worldwide, I let Shamel slide

Chorus



Intro: RZA, Ghostface, Raekwon

Word. Man fuck that nigga
Fuck that crab, ass, bitch 
 (Put down the gun son)
 (Put down the gun son)
Niggas tried to front on my little sister (Put down the gun)


They tried to, tried to front on this (Put down the gun son)

Yeah, check it out y'all (put down the, put down the gun son)

It's on like that y'all word up, Iron Man comes back

Yo check it

Verse One: RZA

Put away your heaters, throw up your dick beaters
Accurate blows to his nose shut his eyes closed to a centimeter
Bitches on the fences wonderin what the fuck the suspense is
I land heavy uppercuts in the corner of the park fences
Knocked his mouthpiece front teeth got locked inside my knuckle
He grabbed the belt buckle, attempt to catch me with a couple
Of low blows to the nuts, on ringside was as a giant du-els
Send your Barb for this fuckin jew On a Wire
He couldn't chessbox that's when he reached for his ahhs
Brother chopped me on the top of my knot, but he got stopped
When a twelve ounce bottle of Bartyle and James had him startled
A bitch threw it caught him in his head, at full throttle
He fell, the glass crashed, he wasn't saved by the bell
That was his ass black
So when it comes to physical combat
We can take it hand to hand or go beyond that
Do you want my gat to make the contact?
Retirin cats who lack the heart to fire back?


Chorus: Raekwon

Put down the gun son, son matter of fact, shoot the one on one
Hold it down, make sure the head, sure nuff don't hit the ground
Lampin on the handball courts, or the square, we can take it there
Settle it son, who the champion?

[It's like that, niggas want to front, one more time?
I'mma show you like this. One on each side
This is it word up. We gonna lay you back
We gonna rest your back, you won't know how to act
When it come to bigger, showin and provin
Niggas styles is wack] Who the champion? Settle it son

Verse Two: Ghostface Killah

Yo!
I had to run up on this King at Devine, for his shines
He saw the stash and caught my mailbox for eighty dimes
He saw me stashin, like a pipe-link for mega fiends
I held it down like the finger fly miraculous King
Peep through the heavy small get the camoflouge
Starks master in charge, pushin through ery buildin, sippin egg nog
Niggas know my status God body carry big batters
Fiends know me for my blue bags, besides smackin crabs
And earnin mine, this bitch Sha cat, gotta get his back bent
What the hell just made him fuck with my intelligent?
Back to Polly and I heard some noise we pack a two twelve
There go Lord Shamel, faggot made a sale
He's sellin my shit, I should slap fire out his ass
Snap his bones in half and watch the stock market crash
I walked up on him, he had the nerve to say Peace God
Ain't nuttin Peace God, you stole it now we out in the streets
Take your shit off, nigga you soft, back up off
Youse a shady nigga, I'm a sever fig you with a gloss
I snuffed him, threw a crazy left and I cuffed him
Allah don't like ugly so I held back from bustin him
I passed the burn off, he caught me from the blind side
Tapped a nigga jaw, I shot my fifty-two style, and crazy raw
I had my ice on, tapped a few times, he started leakin
De King with the deadarm, Shamel fell to his knees and
He started wheezin, losin his breath from smokin trees and
I'm still breathin, bleedin because it's frontin season
Now I got that project belt, international/national
Worldwide, I let Shamel slide

Chorus



Lil' Kim or Foxy Brown?

Eve or Da Brat?

Mary J Blige or Deborah Cox?

Missy Elliot or Heather B?

Who would you rather do a robbery with? -
Lady of Rage or Rah Digga?

Thelma Evans or Willona Woods?

Janet Wood or Chrissy Snow?

Naomi Campbell or Tyra Banks?

Nia Long or Halle Berry?




Yeah... yeah..
Yo, yo


Talk about it, if you live it, if not, don't even spit it
Fuck your niggas and them rap credits
I'm in the '88 candidates, paisley'd out
In them Coca-Cola rugby's, two bitches, with a front in my mouth
That's right, standin' in the lobby with tech
Briefer sheets, make the leaf, taste better, we love that wet
Got the new Patrick Ewing Jr.'s, square you, it was boomin'
We was robbin' digits, James or Rakim, he kept it smooth and
Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, can I bone you? Say I can
Yes, I can, I'm lethal
None of these rappers can touch my pen
I'mma killer, that's why I bounce back in the end
I'm not, Freddy or Jason, or on probation
The lifetime achievement award is what I'm facin'
It's time for sentencin', the game, I'mma just rewrite it
Puttin' it to sleep, don't try to fight it, come on


Me and Trife, yo, we wicked with lead-a
Especially, when both of our tummies ain't fed-a
Theodore click, aimin' for your head-a
We the twat team, when we be gettin' that head-a
Don't get it twisted, yo, we out for the bread-a
It's on and poppin', like we rock blue and red-a
You wonder why these faggots poppin' up dead-a
We love hip hop, gives us our cred'-a


I'm from the era, when the chronic was hittin', Onyx was spittin'
Throw Ya Gunz in the air, that year, have party's slippin'
Back then, power dollars was the party admission
Air Jordans, and Scottie Pippen's had the latest addition
And number 5's, with the lead on the side
Used to rock the L used jean suit, and the letters in dye
Doo-rags under my Starter cap, nigga, I started that
And if a nigga stepped on your sneakers, you caught a heart attack
Bumpin' The Artifacts, mixed it on the fader
Freestylin' up like DJ Tone, playin' the Sega
Neighbors handin' out papers, promotin' g's to save us
Tryin' guide us, hopin' one day, we'll change our behaviors
Floatin' on traitors, them haters, they got the vapors
Now we style on 'em, kids that bitches, that tried to play us
And to them faggot ass cops, that tried to slay us
You can't stop it, this is what the streets fight us






That was the best fucking I ever had
That's because you been dealing with the Ace
You gotta leave? Where you going sugar?
I got business to take care of
: No shit
Shit that's my old man, shit!
Ya better go talk to him

 (8X)
No smoking alarms


I'm mind shocking, body rocking, earth shaking, money making
Sitting high, looking fly, drinking on the best wine


Yo bitch I fucked your friend, yeah you stank ho
I seen her on the elevator, honey grabbed my Kangol
She put me on to mega-shit, bout to slap the bitch
She shot crazy verbal, I leaned back like I'm rich
It took place late night on February 17th
Hands flooded like ink, my face on her magazine
Just got back from Honolulu, pockets stacking beaucoup cash
Girlfriend sipped the Yoo-hoo and laughed, yo
While I was on tour, whore, you went to work
Quick fast, had a nigga dick in the dirt
You couldn't wait just to kidnap the bait of my sperm
Where was you at, ho? 'Pinky house, she put in my perm'
That's all you ever said to me, thought that could hold me
Remember when I long-dicked you and broke your ovary?
You crab bitch, chickenhead ho, eating heros
I'm the first nigga that had you watching flicks by DeNiro
You gained crazy points, baby, just being with God
Taught you how to eat the right foods, fast, and don't eat lard
I gave you earth lessons, I came to you as a blessing
You didn't do the knowledge what the God was manifesting
You sneaky fuck bitch, your ways and actions told it all
I fucked you while you was bleeding, held you down in malls
Sexually you worshipped my di-dick like a cross
I had you fiend out, broke out, for a month you fell off
You was my main shit, my peeps showed you love on the strength
You saw how I got down, the way I thought had you tranqued
But you had to fuck this lobster-head ass nigga
I shoulda slapped him but the Gods said chill
That's your wiz fault, god, handle that in the lab
I'm wondering how many times your hot ass got stabbed
You dumb bitch, horny hot fuck from out the mountains
Your clientele is low ho, catch you next show, bro
I got jerked, gave away my pussy, that shit hurt
It feel like somebody died or shot your old Earth
But fuck it, I fucked you on a chair with three legs
Broken tables, had you screaming while you was biting on my cables
We slid to the washing machine and threw it on spin
If your pussy dry, spit on my dick and put it in
My dick's the bomb baby, marvelous hot steak
Plus I'm conceited Starks make the biggest ho call rape
I'm God Cipher Divine, love my pussy refined
That means clean, a FDS smell with a shine
Word up, respect that ho




It's on {Where your sparkle at kid?}
(RZArector)


Yes the shit is raw coming at your door
Start to scream out loud, "Wu-Tang's back for more"
Yes the hour's four, I told you before
Prepare for mic fights (and plus the cold war)


This rhyme you digest through the RZA console
X Y  slam Nine Diagram pole
Raekwon dropped the bomb, Hunchback Notre Dame
Golden Arms is bronze Buddha palm hit Qu'ran
It blows extreme, mainstream be the theme, supreme team
America's Cream Team, redeemed
Vidal Sassoon, chrome tones hear the moans of Al Capone
Gun POW to the dome and split the bone
Wig blown off the ledge by the alleged
Full-fledged, sledge RZA edge
One dose of my feroc' handheld trigger cuts
A capella spitting shell paralyse if you get touched
And critical mic cords, hanging like umbilical
Cords, dope swords, five star general
Raw be the quote rap style sore throat
Through the fully operational, handheld totem




A hundred thousand times one, snatch up my styles get done
I hold a title, and here's how my belt was won, check it
Slick majestic, broke mics are left infected
Germs start to spread through your crew through lack of effort
You asked for it, shot up the jams like syringes
My technique alone blows doors straight off the hinges
Masked Avenger, I appear to blow your ear like wind
With a freestyle, sharper than the Indian spear
So sit back and let the king explore
Describe me, the kid's nice and he holds swords
And his name, black attack's the nerve like migraines
With more gains than beggars on trains, livid sharp pains
Poisonous Rebel like Deck, you can't destroy this
You get ambushed, skate, try to avoid this
Side effects of hot raps and hot tracks
A duffel bag full of guns son, dipped in black
My culture, glides and attacks you like a vulture
Ghostface in Madison Square is on your poster




Be on the lookout for this mass murderous suspect
That fills more body bags than apartments in projects
And as far as the coroners know
The autopsy show it was a Shaolin blow
Put on by my family brought to the academy
Of the Wu and learnt how to
Fuck up your anatomy steadily, calm and deadly
Spatter-head lyrics I lick through your transmit
MCs submit to the will as I kill your
Juvenile freestyle, civilize the mental
Devils worship this like an icon
Bear-hugging mics with the grips of a python




You heard other raps before but kept waiting
For the Son of Song, I keep dancehalls strong
Beats never worthy of my cause, I prolong
Extravaganza, time sits still
No propaganda, be wary of the skill
As I bring forth the music, make love to your eardrum
Dedicated to rap nigga, beware of the fearsome
Lebanon Don, Malcolm X beat threat
CD massacre, murder to cassette
I blow the shop up, you ain't seen nothing yet
One man ran, tryna get away from it
Put your bifocal on, watch me a-cometh
Into your chamber like Freddy enter dream
Discombumberate your technique and your scheme
Four course applause, like a black jack to dat
You're stuck on stupid like I'm stuck on the map
Nowhere to go except next show bro
Entertaining motherfuckers can't stop O
In battling, you don't want me to start tattling
All up on the stage cause y'all snakes keep rattling
Bitch, you ain't got nothing on the rich
Every other day my whole dress code switch
So just in case you wanna clock me like Sherry
All y'all crab bitches ain't got to worry
Can't get a nigga like Don dime a dozen
Even if I'm smoked out I can't be scoped out
I'm too ill, I represent Park Hill
See my face on the twenty dollar bill
Cash it in, and get ten dollars back
The fat LP with Cappachino on the wax
Pass it in your thing, put valve up to twelve
Put all the other LPs back on the shelf
And smoke a blunt and dial 9-1-7
1-6-0-4-9-3-11
And you could get long dick hip-hop affection
I damage any MC who step in my direction
I'm Staten Island best son, fuck what you heard
Niggas still talking that shit is absurd
My repertoire, is U.S.S.R
P.L.O. style got thrown out the car
And ran over by the Method Man Jeep
Divine can't define my style is so deep
Like pussy, my low cut fade stay bushy
Like a porcupine, I part backs like a spine
Gut you like a blunt and reconstruct your design
I know you want to diss me, but I can read your mind
Cause you weak in the knees like SWV
Tryna get a title like Wu Killa Bee
Kid change your habit, you know I'm friends with the Abbott
Me and RZA rhyme name printed in the tablet
Under vets, we paid our debts for mad years
Hibernate the sound and now we out like bears
In Born Power, born physically, power speaking
The truth in the song be the pro-black teaching




No man all bitches are the same, just like my hoes, you know
I keep em broke, wake up one morning with some money
They're subject to go crazy you know?
I keep em lookin good, pretty and all that, you know, but no dough
When I get a bitch, I got a bitch (right on)


Word up
Got motherfucking brother wise
You know what I'm saying? Teaching the uncivilized
Yeah, runnin the streets, you know it's deep
Word up, check his technique, yeah
I be Ghostface, flippin the marvelous track
Yeah, you know the steelo, but yo, yo

Check the banging-est sounds that I invent
Fake niggas who tried to flex hard came and went
They couldn't match up with the fly nigga with his back against the wall
Heads clocked once I came in the door
I played the speaker, sipping a Kahlua
Saw this bad bitch wit a switch and yo, I had to step to her
In a manner, and rather wished the current was warm
When I had reached her, I looked and knew the shit was on
Peace, excuse me, allow to introduce myself
Yo, I'm the man, and honey, you've been rated top shelf
Yo, what's your name hon, hair wrapped up in a bun
Your eyes sparkle, just like glass in the sun
Never diss 'em, it's hard for a nigga just to miss 'em
Especially, when you're browsing, going fishing
Your waistline, banging like a bassline
Physical form is well complex
And yo, I love your outline, boo
Your whole body is wild, with your rugged profile
Enough to make a hard rock smile
You can't strike out, tell me what can really go wrong
You're rocking labels - Tommy Hil, down to Claiborne
Show me some love hon, show me some love boo
Show me the vibe and I'll be more than glad to shoot it through
A-yo peep it, I know you love Victoria's Secret
And loving all the marvelous slang on how I freak it
Plus, see you're the type to make a nigga crash
Far from trash, your flesh is way softer than a baby's ass
Your body lotion is the potion
The shit got me open like dust and yo, your stee is Thai potent, yo
We can go the distance, I put you under wings
From this convo we can spark and see whatever brings
I walked the hot Arabian desert, barefooted
I grabbed your hair, you grabbed my joint and knew where to put it

Word up, yo, straight up and down yo
Check the joint, baby
It be the Wu-Tang production
Yeah, yeah, and all types of shit, and brothers catching repercussions
Yo, straight up




I think it happened on a Saturday
I heard the phone ring, ding, ding
Who this? 'Vine yo..
Wise guy killed last night by the Tracks
It was the same who our niggas teeth up
Sent 'em back, we shoulda thrilled a long time ago
We went this recording, now we owe
The devil slit trough, without an intro
Yo 'Vine, it can't be!
Wise guest-starring me
Can it be, we both got hit
God legendary, he and General
He survived A-dog
Hard to even picture god eaten by gray dogs
He stayed in his world
And he sidely sweard
To tell the truth, that DeVon was like
"Your out of cure boo"
Wisegod Allah, warrior
XY chromosome, sat heavy on the throne
Touched something for you
Ya stupid fail niggas f**ked up
Becouse bitches is talking
They living, i'm twisting
You alleybag
You killed my man, you killed my man
And you sent him back
After this day, watch your hats
Slugs flying everywhere

You could smell heaven in the air
You can never get the god, yeah
Now i'm cypher
You've been driving off the same battery
We had, back in '91 that got you hyper
God been beautiful, god been great
God fed you, you died but we survived that day
You killed your king, Rakeem Allah
Gave him his life, he was your offspring
Camouflage dog, days was green
One righteous man fought for his right, gods pupil
Yo, that's my fam, we snatch me out of big head van
We tought you how to get gain, from sayin' "peace god"
As long we translate Allah's tounge, spit the language hard
Alley thoughts, identical twin
My alias gasanate, the days close
The days close, how'd you know!


Once the sun comes out and the rain is gone..
I know I'm gonna see, a better day
I know I think I'm crying, becouse of you
I'm crying, don't want you to see me cry
Love you Wise, love you Wise, love you Wise!


I wanna go outside, in the rain...
It may sound crazy, it may sound crazy
But I wanna go outside, in the rain...



WOODROW: Hey, Brother Stark!
GHOSTFACE: What up, Dro?
WOODROW: A-yo, what up, my motherfuckin nigga?
GHOSTFACE: Ha, my nigga, whats that, its my motherahhhhhhhhhh
WOODROW: Whoooooo!

...
GHOSTFACE: What up, kid?
WOODROW: A-yo, man, why yall niggas playing me? Cause Woodrow aint never hurt no-motherfuckin-body
GHOSTFACE:  Ahhh, stop fakin
WOODROW: Get these big niggas off me, man
GHOSTFACE: Ah, Dro, you wild, Dro. What up, G?
WOODROW: A-yo, let me get two. Let me get two
GHOSTFACE:  Cmon, Dro. You know I cant fuck with you like that, Dro, yknow dunn?
WOODROW: Im saying, man, I know yall motherfuckers say cash rules everything around you, but crack rules everything around me, motherfucker!
GHOSTFACE: Stop that, Dro! Damn!
WOODROW: Know what Im sayin? Now, like I said, I got nine dollars for yo ass, know what Im sayin you know, I come through
GHOSTFACE: Dro Dro Dro, you got the most G in the world, Dro, slow down, pard Slow down. Cmon Cmon, Dro-Dro!



WOODROW: Im sayin! It aint no motherfuckin game, nigga, I come through with the TVs I come through with the VC

GHOSTFACE: Christmas tomorrow, man! Christmas tomorrow!

WOODROW: And Im gonna come through for yall motherfuckers all over here! Stapleton, yall niggas know how I do! And Im from uptown, I dont even motherfuckin supposed to be around here, but I come around here, and I spread my motherfuckin love. Now Im saying, give me two cracks, let me go on the roof, take my two

GHOSTFACE: Alright yo. Damn, man Cmon, but you know youre like fam, god
WOODROW:and get on my shit!

GHOSTFACE: Alright, duke, Cmon Dro, you like fam, man, I love you, man. I love you, man Cmon Dro!

WOODROW: Cmon, man, the first is around the motherfuckin corner, just like you love the first, and when I see yo ass, in front of that motherfuckin check cashing, nigga, you dont kiss me! Nigga, you get your motherfuckin money, and keep steppin. So let me get my motherfuckin crack, go get high and do my motherfuckin thing, and Im motherfuckin leavin, motherfucker

GHOSTFACE: God damn, Dro! 

WOODROW: Come on, man, Come on! Brother Stark!
GHOSTFACE:  Damn
WOODROW: Look, see I always gotta go through this shit, man yall niggas are supposed to be Big Willies, you actin a little silly, motherfucker!
GHOSTFACE: That aint got nothinthat aint even got nothin to do with it, Dro, cmon, Dro
WOODROW: Cmon, man! Cmon, man!
GHOSTFACE:  A yo, Dro, slow the fuck down. Cmon pard. You know I love you, though, God. Whats wrong with you, man?

WOODROW: A yo, tell these motherfuckas to back up! These niggas all in my motherfuckin face
GHOSTFACE: Nah, those areThose are my niggas, right there! Overseein
WOODROW:  You think I dont carry a motherfuckin pistol, nigga?
BODYGUARD: Ease up, ease up
WOODROW: Cause Im a crackhead?


GHOSTFACE: Yo Dro, stop that, man. Stop that, man. See now, cmon, baby
WOODROW: Nigga, I got a motherfuckin nickel plated .380, I go down to my old lady house, man, I tell her, Suzie, throw it out the window! Suzie!
GHOSTFACE:  Ay-yo, you wild
WOODROW: Dont play with me, mother Sue!

GHOSTFACE: You wild, Dro. Stop it, braw
WOODROW: Back the fuck up, motherfuckers!
GHOSTFACE: Nah its all its all good. This is my, this is my nigga right here, this is Dro

WOODROW: Now Brother Stark. All I want is two, man. Thats all I want

GHOSTFACE: Listen, man. I cant even do it like that I cant even do it, no, on the real, Dro, Im tight, God. I cant do it like that. You know cmon, man. You like fam, God

WOODROW: Look, see Im gonna have to go see the motherfuckin Rastas, then! I see Im gonna have to go see the motherfuckin Rastas! They let a motherfucker get it for seven!

GHOSTFACE: Son, they just.. You wonder why you wonder why them niggas keep lookin at yo ass, huh? Fuck with them niggas like that!

WOODROW:  Fuck them, fuck you, and fuck this motherfuckin crack house! Im out, motherfuckers! Fuck yall motherfuckers!
GHOSTFACE: Yo Dro, dont disrespect my gate dont disrespect it. Dont disrespect my gate like that
WOODROW: I dont give a fyall wont let me get two for nine dollars. One motherfuckin dollar?

GHOSTFACE: A yo Dro get the fuck out the house. Get the fuck out the gate, man. Im about to knock you the fuck out

WOODROW:  Always want a motherfucker get off me!




Yo, too advanced, Digi' stance, made the CD enhanced
I move with the speed and strength of ants
Identical in form with the Bees they swarm
Hold up, the cold current appear warm
My first verbal brawl, started on some yes yes y'all
To the beat y'all, break your windshield, your jeep stall
Mr. Traffic, dumbin shit, from ecclesiastic
Cashier, holdin out, fine, cut off the plastic
See the logo? A monument in hip-hop
Carved out, in the giant landscape of broken rocks
Whether heard in herb spots, jukebox or malt shops
Uncut live, drop eighty-five, in one shot
Spotlight hits the metal mic, majority stare
Heard the Wu snare, while my iris cut down the glare
Walk a road the great length you find too long to measure
My Clan'll make me rhyme like D. Banner under pressure
No surprise, double disc touched five
Those elements kept environments colonized
With the high flying death-defying flow like the Rebel
Right there, but you're one light year from my level


Uh-huh.. yeah.. yo.. check it.. yo..
Bottles goin' off in the church, we broke the wine
Slapped the pastor, didn't know Pop had asthma
He pulled out his blue bible, change fell out his coat
Three condoms, two dice, one bag of dope
Oooh! Rev. ain't right, his church ain't right
Deacon is a pimp, tell by his ice
Mrs. Parks said, "Brother Starks, meet you at the numbers spot
Heard you got red tops out, and I want a lot"
Shirley fainted dead on the spot
Two ushers slipped eighty dollars right out the pot
Oh shit!


Egyptian, brown skin brown suede Timbs
Masqueradin X-rated throw blades, all occasions
Round nozzle touchdown, Haagen-Daas gobbles White House
Gucci flag on the roof, call us rock groups
Mere intelligent, buy Neimann Marcus out
No doubt, all we saw he bought, Lori mom's all blow
Was simple, blamp instrumentals run camps the stamps get you
The way we lamp, fans come and get you
Play, fullback strapped like a fuck, war at
The black, Carlo Gambino's stash house in Hackensack
Pack capsules, Green Bay 'em lay 'em down like wax do
It's all actual we build, like Crash Crew
Coconut, incense, one sentence, aiyyo
Control the holy flinch hit this, new whips
Roman numerals, sun splash them niggas like, Tango and Cash
Alcatraz cats roll out fast..


Wu thousand nuthin but hardcore
We tryin to get land riches and more
Ghost put me on to it
We just do it, floss or whatever
Take care of the business, there's too many roughnecks
Give two of these to Flex, tell him it's real rap like Ghost
Had to beat niggas with toast
Clubs V.I. clientele we lay it down flat
Pulled out on y'all kid, now where your mans at?
Fakin the real like, "Damn I can't stand Cappa'"
Then my wardrobe flooded the next chapter
Y'all heard about us like we heard about you
Bless the mic with reality, hit you with the virtue
Calm down not tryin to hurt you, burst through
That shit, fatter than all y'all niggas outfits
We the glitch like Y2K
Catch the ball when it drop, guns pop, y'all have a nice day

"Doctor Kanabuta, Iron Man, he is invincible
His remarkable armor is supreme!"


Yo, sometimes I'm liable to spaz and break fool
Grab my gun, select one, snatch son
Put the barrel by his face, blast one by his eardrum
Piss run, you drop thinkin you shot
Screamin like a bitch, kicks to your face
Shots to the body that shake like the bass
I'm Ghostfaced up, military style down
Nuff ammunitions of rounds across the chest


Skip to the intro, rap through po'
Smashed a fresh ball of wax ceasar
Flashy penthouse that overlooks the vista
Wally Moc' half tied, swimmin trunks
Three chunks of ice sit in Johnny Walker for advice
Catch the moment, fundraiser at will, work with the homeless
Polish diamond edge, Flintstone shit, sealed in a comb pick
Carefully, swing the B seven series Christmas lights
Too bright Ghost is comin y'all fix the mirrors
Relax like pudding, confidence strangle my man couldn't
Exile he no longer in the hood
Bless the kid that max the most
Me I turn a wedding into hoax
Roses tied to bombs on posts
On commercial breaks, piss in the apple juice
Rasta nigga rock the big do's
Jiffy Pop it's only chant Wu




"What we're gonna do right here is go back, way back, back into time"
"Here we go!"
"OK everybody!"
"Sing my song" "Step up to this" (Both X4)


Yo, too advanced, Digi' stance, made the CD enhanced
I move with the speed and strength of ants
Identical in form with the Beez they swarm
Hold up the cold current appear warm
My first verbal brawl, started on some yes yes y'all
To the beat y'all, break your windshield, your Jeep stall
Mr. Traffic, dumbin shit, from ecclesiastic
Cashier, holdin now, fine, cut off the plastic
See the logo? A monument in hip-hop
Carved out, in the giant landscape, of broken rocks
Whether heard in herb spots, jukebox or malt shops
Uncut live, drop eighty-five, in one shot
Spotlight hits the metal mic, majority stare
Heard the Wu snare, while my iris cut down the glare
Walk a road the great length you find too long to measure
My Clan done make me rhyme like D. Banner under pressure
No surprise, double disc touched five
Those elements, kept environments colonized
With the high flyin death-defyin flow like the Rebel
Right there, but you're one light year, from my level


Uh-huh.. yeah.. yo.. check it.. yo..
Bottles goin off in the church, we broke the wine
Slapped the pastor, didn't know Pop had asthma
He pulled out his blue bible, change fell out his coat
Three condoms, two dice, one bag of dope
Oooh! Rev. ain't right, his church ain't right
Deacon is a pimp, tell by his eyes
Mrs. Parks said, "Brother Starks, meet you at the numbers spot
Heard you got red tops out, and I want a lot"
Shirley fainted dead on the spot
Two ushers slipped eighty dollars right out the pot
Oh shit!


Egyptian, brown skin brown suede Timbs
Masqueradin X-rated throw blades, all occasions
Round nozzle touchdown, Haagen-Daas gobbles White House
Gucci flag on the roof, call us rock groups
Mere intelligent, buy Nieman Marc' it out
No doubt, all we saw he bought, Lori mom's all blow
Was simple, blamp instrumentals run camps the stamps get you
The way we lamp, fans come and get you
Play, fullback strapped like a fuck, war at
The black, Carlo Gambino's stash house in Hackensack
Pack capsules, Green Bay 'em lay 'em down like wax do
It's all actual we build, like Crash Crew
Coconut, incense, one sentence, aiyyo
Control the holy flinch hit this, new whips
Roman numerals, sun splash them niggas like, Tango and Cash
Alcatraz cats roll out fast..


"OK everybody!" (X3) "Ri-right!"


Wu thousand nuthin but hardcore
We tryin to get land bitches and more
Ghost put me on to it
We just do it, floss or whatever
Take care of the business, there's too many roughnecks
Give two of these to Flex, tell him it's real rap like Ghost
Had to beat niggas with toast
Clubs we at Clientele we lay it down flat
Poot out on y'all kid, now where your mans at?
Fakin the real like, "Damn I can't stand Cappa'"
Then my wardrobe flooded the next chapter
Y'all heard about us like we heard about you
Bless the mic with reality, hit you with the virtue
Calm down not tryin to hurt you, burst through
Phat shit, phatter than all y'all niggas outfits
We the glitch like Y2K
Catch the ball when it drop, guns pop, y'all have a nice day

"Doctor Kanabuta, Iron Man, he is invincible
His remarkable armor is supreme!"


Sometimes I'm liable to spaz and break fool
Grab my gun, select one, snatch son
Put the barrel by his face, blast one by his eardrum
Piss run, you drop thinkin you shot
Screamin like a bitch, kicks to your face
Shots to the body that shake like the bass
I'm Ghostfaced up, military style down
Nuff ammunitions of rounds across the chest


Skip to the intro, rap through po'
Smashed a fresh ball of wax ceasar
Flashy penthouse that overlooks the vista
Wally Moc' have tie, swim in chunks
Three chunks of ice sit in Johnny walk in for advice
Catch the moment, fundraiser at will, work with the homeless
Polished dahma edge twist dome shit sealed in the chrome pit
Carefully, swing the B seven series Christmas lights
Too bright Ghost is comin y'all fix the mirrors
Relax like pudding, confidence strangle my man couldn't
Ex' out, he no longer in the hood
Bless the kid that max the most
Me I turn a wedding into hoax
Roses tied to bombs on posts
On commercial breaks, piss in the apple juice
Rasta nigga rock the big do's
Jiffy Pop it's only chant Wu
It's all good, armors for days, brand new biscuits
Fiend to get caught up in the mischief
Jury swift, afro Tec, seventy disc bank
Glossy, Betsy Ross up in the fish tank
Australian, Ghost, Mount Everest, cactus heads
Raid the desert, clench a camel thirst
Polish Spring breath itch


"OK everybody!"
"These niggas.."




Wu Block, Wu Block, Wu Block..


Sitting at the table legs crossed: I'm bossy
High top Louis' chain on em: I'm flossy
Mommy Hermes bag - her lips is glossy
Dondon shades on dark as coffee
They coming through staring, I'm like "bitch get off me!"
Hater get off me, police get off me
We're sending the hood, deal with it, I been gone
The money been flowing for months, I've been tourin
I buy a new whip every time it gets boring
Motorcycle pipes: I'm coming through roaring
I'm fucking this money every day: no Trojan
Donnie G Bobby B. Ghost is holdin


Wu Block, Wu Block, Wu Block..


Who's the kid with the gorgeous neck Who hit Mega?
Lion heads laying on them Bill Cosby sweaters
The eyes it Rubed out, the nose is glass
Put your ear to my waves you can hear the splash
Me and Sheek we don't buy the bar, we do dips on it
The cardiovascular boys get whipped on it
Head cracked, red dice roll triple sixes
Flustered out, eyeballs low in the trenches
Besides hoes, I ain't fly clothes in the kitchen
Lil niggas that don't smile is my lynchmen
Disposable Uzis imported from Panama
We rob niggas dressed up like grandmama
We got slammers y'all, test it one, two, one two
I say "Cristal" you say "Cristaal"
And you ain't even rich nigga
Get the fuck out of my face, puffin on cat litter


Wu Block, Wu Block, Wu Block..


 .45 with hollows, no pride to swallow
 Dyed Wallows
Yeah, the blue and the beige  I let the whole clip go
 Then I threw a grenade
 I'm a warrior, I show you what to do wit a blade
 I'm a hustler, I show you how to do it with the haze
 Make sure the cash is heavy
 Casket ready
 Yeah, sick brothers, piff lovers
 New diamonds on: New York Knick colors
 Get brick from us
 I'm a chef like Raekwon
 I'm a Dirty Bastard like Ason
 Been around the world, got our Puffy and Mace on
 We like 2 blocks. Hard like Biggie and
 That's Wu Block


Wu Block, Wu Block, Wu Block..



Chorus: Ghostface

Young Gods when you killed them guns you kill sons
Then get sent to the pen for murder one
I rather be rich, lay back and fuck a chick
Can't now son I'm being hit by a bullet

Verse 1: LA

The garden of redemption
Half of my clan is fenced in
For being lynchmen, never listen
Like Sonny Liston
On Riker's pissin'
25 was no surprise
He shot 3 niggas left one paralysed
With bloody palms
Them niggas tried to rape his moms
Son shooting at their chest
Shells went through his charm on Saint Nick
Call that Branson weed spot kid
2 niggas dead, history, like a pyramid
He ran with cleaves to an island off in Florida Keys
Bent out, dunn had a 3 story penthouse
450 feet off South Beach
Young fakes made the news on the New York streets
Extraordinary he sent his man to see the nigga buried
Check the sum though, DT Joe Colombo
Got a tip Brent was out in Florida on the low
Pushin' a Benz-O, six-O-O and mo'
He selling smoke out the store
Po kicked in the door
Brent was in the back gamblin' with 2 pounds of green on the table
My dunn's escape route was unstable
Of course, he fucked up sniffing white horse
The German's hit his laboratory with the task force
Brent was too high reached up, cocked the four-five
First DT hit the back caught a shell through his eye
He screamed
The rest of his police team
Shot Brent to death like a '88 fiend

Chorus (starts at end of 2nd last line of verse1)

Verse 2: 12 O'Clock

Nigga shut the fuck up and drown the keys in the pool
Keep your cool feds knocking on the door soon
See, they heard about that cat you murdered in the pool room
You shoulda swarmed on 'em, stayed in late, luring doom on 'em
Jet skiied on 'em then flew around corner on 'em
4 o'clock in the morning I threw the ski mask on 'em
My little man's on the corner when I pulled it on 'em
357 snub-nosing on 'em
Some bitches that was bugging for him you know 'em
The bitches probably still be holding
Went to 25 years on 'em they growing
Now back to the shit with the twelve on it to be on it
12 O'Clock is on it Darkman on it
And niggas don't want it

Chorus (till fade)




And in our line of work we need all the help we can get
Tony Wings the name. He works for a drug ring in Central America
Who wants to kill him? No information, say yes or no
1.5 million
All right, you get what you want, moneys no object. Theyre all clean
No serial numbers. Untraceable. And there explosive head bullets, your favorite
I felt someone walk over my grave. You want to change your mind?

 Yo son criminal is blowin the fuck up
 yo diamond
 Yo shit happen man, what up man, yo yo yo
Here come the Starks, come here son come here for a minute
 Bout to hit you off with some more baking soda
YO yo yo get your fuckin, thats made of glass nigga
Get your big Adidas off my moms table man
What the fuck
 Nah nah yo chill man, pass the crystal
Niggas is greedy
 big ass shits
 Yo man you ain't smokin no more weed

 Bobby Steels! Sup kid?
 Yo!
 Lets cut the pie 5 ways
 Hmm
 We came off with 2 mills, kid
Noodles!
 Rollie Fingers!
 Noodles!
 No Doubt, comin through
 Lacostra nostra
 Johnny Blaze! Lou Diamonds!
 Represent for my peoples
 Tony Starks!
 Universal frontier
 Original bloodclat bad boys
 Check it out boy


Who come to get you, none, they want guns
I be the first to set off shit, last to run
Wu roll together as one
I call my brother Son cause he shine like one


Scriptures hit the body like sawed-off shotties
Like my hair knotty and my nosepiece snotty
Fuck a nigga hottie, that ho pussy probably
Burn like the deserts of Mogabi, for real
Ain't nothing fraudulent here, we pioneer
Commandeer a new frontier, this be the Wu yeah
36 Chambers of fear, huh you lost it
Information leaking out your faucets, hmm
Time to forfeit your crown and leave the grounds
There's a new sheriff in town holding it down
It's the two holster, shit shot smoker
Wanted dead or alive, bounty on the poster
Wild in the West, a student of my culture
And life is the test, hold up
Let a nigga catch his breath
I'm still paying dues and the last one is death
Back to the essence with that shit you stressing, this rap profession
Now peep Tical, the son of the Shaolin Isle
Bless my style, criminology pays
The last times and days, Johnny fucking Blaze


This goes for niggas who know
Wu will blow like yayo, lay low
Plus cooling in Barbados
Ricans be giving me much shit to touch shit
Stay cool Papa, see you with enough shit
Back at the lab a, crack's bagged up
Yo niggas act up, what blow up their workers if they have to
Seoritas, fucking up a storm buying Gods margaritas
Sucking his dick, up in the whip long
Designed for rhyme crime nigga jail time jiggas
Them niggas up in hype Vigors lighting niggas
Silks Wally wear Figaro chain yeah
Jakes beware of black rap millionaires
Rock Airs, leather goose, bears blowing this year
1-800-GAMBINO niggas, yeah


Wu roll together as one, I call my brother Sun cause he shine like one


Solid gold crown is shining, we're blinding like some diamonds
I'm reclining in the sky on a cloud with silver lining
Double breasted, bullet proof vested, well protected
The heart, the rib cage, the chest and solar plexus
Casting stones, cracking two-hundred and six bones
And watch your ass get blown to a sea of fire and brimstone
How dare you approach it with them poems
The overfiend like noah bean green souls with a soldier mean
The grand exquisite imperial wizard or is it
The Rzarector come to pay your ass a visit
Local bio-chemical, universal giant, the black general
Licking shots at Davy Crockett on the bicentennial
Happy Millennium two thousand
Microchips, two shots of penicillin goes up your Adrenalin
Son it's time for bouting
It's a model you're resembling the niggas who like following
Trapped inside your projects like a genie inside the bottle and


God stepping forth upon holy ground of the track
It's the sound that surrounds and hurts me like I'm under attack
So I decided to bite down on the mic
So the pain of the track won't deny the fact that I'm the master
For what lurks, is an expert that hurts
The individual who tries to visualize under
Cause I strike, like thunder
Niggas couldn't stand my heat, it's unbearable
My wisdom fucks up your respiratorial
Systems are fractured by the killer tactics
Style is ragged and thoughts are mad jagged
Enter the entity, my vicinity
Is three hundred and sixty degrees of humidity
Represent the school of hard knocks and Glocks my
Clan is hostile and got mad moss for blocks so
Feel the force of impact from the iron side of
The gat as I attack the track
From the blind side of the pack, Starks pass the chrome
Watch a nigga get blown out his motherfucking dome-piece
Deceased, laid to rest


Who come to get you, none, they want guns
I be the first to set off shit, last to run
Wu roll together as one
I call my brother Son cause he shine like one


Yo, aiyyo I got this under my wing, move give me room
Holding up your saloon, clean sweep, like a broom
Full moons make me howl like a wolf out of breath
Sold only new vocal cords you heard Genius on Gef
So step back, to the lab at, high velocity
My team make hand-to-hand sales, we're like a pharmacy
Fuck Geraldo, Pablo's plan bro is Bravo
Goodfellas we know, best sellers become novels
The man rocking head bands, silk scarves and jams
Early 80's British Walkers, playboys, mocks and shams
The laser beam vocalist does well at symphonies
Bad days, watch me snatch ice right outta Tiffany's
Remember them kids that came off with eight million
Robbed the Brinks and I labelled in royal pavilions
Them flour heads must have been stupid
Tell me how the fuck black niggas get caught with all that loot kid
There's jet money, underground money
Submarines and rings too bad you fucked up dummies




Raekwon:
Yo, Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo, Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my
Where the fuck is my tape at?

Method Man:
Yo, son, I ain't got that piece, son

Raekwon:
How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

Method Man:
Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missin', son

Raekwon:
Come on, man, that don't got nothin' to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

Method Man:
Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fuckin' Killer tapes, man

U-God:
*banging on the door* Aiyo! Aiyo!

Raekwon:
Open the door, man! What the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

Ghostface Killah:
Yo, yo, God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!


Word to mother!

Ghostface Killah:
Word life, God. You know Shameek from fuckin' 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm comin' to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just word is bond
Crazy shots just went the fuck off, God


Niggas let off crazy shots, kid


The nigga layin' there like a fuckin' newborn fuckin' baby, God


Word up!


Is he dead?


Is he fuckin' dead?
What the fuck you mean is he fuckin' dead, God?


What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?


Easy, easy


The nigga layin' there with his fuckin'
All types of fuckin' blood comin' out of his fuckin'


(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?


Yo, God, what's up, God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo, what's up? I'm ready to fuckin' lay
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?


Yo, let's go do what we got


What's up, yo?


Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it


Yo, we out or what, man?


It's the God, God, fuck that, man


You sayin' we out?


They probably took the tape


What the fuck?


Nigga still sweatin' the tape, man


What the fuck is you talkin' about? Get the fuck outta here!


Fuckin' corn!


Good Morning Vietnam!
Yeah, good morning
To all you motherfuckin' knotty-headed niggas
Yo, to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch, where the fuck is my bottle?
Bring that fuckin' meth in here!
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Night train


Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit, then lock shit down
As I come and freaks the sound
Hardcore, but givin' you more and more like ding!
Nah, shorty, get you open like six packs
Killa Beez attack, flippin' what, murder one
Phat tracks, aight, I kick it like a Nike Flight
Word life, I get that ass robbed on spite
Check the method from Bedrock 'cause I rock your head to bed
Just like rockin' what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, goin' to war right now
So, yo, bombin', We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save your breath before I vomit


I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas, save the beef for the cow
I'm milkin' this ho, this is my show, Tical
The fuck you wanna do for this mic piece, duke?
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO Style, buddha monks with the owls
Now who's the fuckin' man? Meth-Tical


On the chessbox
"Wu-Tang style"


I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer
Rap fanatic representin' with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like your ear
The Shooby Doo-Wop pop, strictly hardware
Armed and geared, 'cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system for murderin' the rhythm
Now lo and behold another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin' charge when I explode


Slammin' a hype-ass verse 'til your head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fast and quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashbacks how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw, I repeat
If I die, my seed'll be ill like me
Approachin' me, yo, out of respect, chops to neck
I get vexed, like crashin' up a phat-ass Lex
So, clear the way! Make way! Yo, open the cage!
Peace, I'm out, jettin' like a runaway slave


You gettin' stripped from your garments, boy, run your jewels
All the meth got me open like fallopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through your navel
Suspenseful force bein' brought through my utensil
The pencil, I bring strong winds up against you
Havoc, then run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics


A-a-a-ah-ah, are you a warrior killer slicin' shit like a samurai?
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin' at your ass like a sorceress, shootin' that piss
Niggas be gettin' on my fuckin' nerves
Rhymes they be kickin'
Make me wanna kick their fuckin' ass to the curb
Boy got funky fresh like the Old Specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, Unique drop that science


M-M-My clan is thick like plaster, bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master
Killer, style jumped off in Killa Hilla
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manila
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like gettin' smashed by a cinder block
Pow! Now it's all over; niggas seein' pink hearts
Yellow moons, orange stars, and green clovers




Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Now hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
This goes back to nineteen..
Ahem, check it, yo
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!
Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggas
Word to the camoflouge large niggas
Bitch niggas fuckin my body
Bring that fuckin meth in here
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain


Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But giving you more and more, like ding!
Nah shorty, get you open like six packs
Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks
A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite!
Word life, I get that ass raw, I'm fulla spite!
Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed
Just like rockin what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, we going to war right now
So, yo, bombin
We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save ya breath before I vomit


I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas save the beef on the cow
I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical
The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO style, buddha monks with the owls
So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical
On the chessbox


Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material, made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic
Representing with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear
The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware
Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm!
Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode


Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox!
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashback's how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die
My seed'll be ill like me
Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck
I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex'
So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage
Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave


Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels
While the meth got me open like falopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel
Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil
The pencil, I break strong winds up against your
Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics


Are uh-ah-uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurai
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!
Niggas be gettin on my fuckin nerves
Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb
I got funky fresh, like the old specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE


My my my
My Clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer
Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like getting smashed by a cinder block
Blaow! Now it's all over
Niggas seeing pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers






Tiger Style! (Tiger style!)


Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit


Yo, there's no place to hide as I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossin' and flossin', my style is awesome
I'm causin' more family feud than Richard Dawson
And the survey said you're dead
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin' head
MZA, who was that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Makin' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I'm Super Cat
Me fear no one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to my eardrum


Put the needle to the groove, I gets rude
And I'm forced to fuck it up
My style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shinin' sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T.
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
'Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state


And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus!
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
Straight from the motherfuckin' slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit


Hah! Lebonon, step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!


The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Comin' to a fork in the road, which way to go? Just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin' on through
Niggas is like, "Oh my God, not you!"
Yes, I come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor
Comin' from the RZA, which is short for The Razor
Who make me reminisce true
Like dj vu, I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you


Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit


Ahh-hah! Yeah! Representin' Brooklyn, Queens
Long Island, Manhattan, Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta, our boys in Ohio
Comin' through with the crazy Y-O Y-O
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown, what's goin' down, boy?
We ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fuckin' California squadron
Comin' through, you know what I'm sayin'?
The whole fuckin' West Coast to the whole East
Niggas from D.C., down in Maryland
All the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
All over the whole fuckin' globe, comin' through, boy
Peace to the fuckin' Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, choppin' heads, boy
It ain't safe no more, peace!




My seeds grow and his seeds marry his seeds
My seeds grow and his seeds marry his seeds
That's how we keep Wu-Tang forever, baby


It's good to see the Wu-Tang family under one roof
We celebrate, toastin' shots, Ciroc 40 proof
Burgers on the grill and fried fish
The wiz made potato salad, greens for a side dish
Cold water, mill and reminisce with cousins and sisters
Children on the grass playin' ball and Twister
Fresh lemonade is made, we playin' spades
My nephews turn the livin' room into an arcade
Aunt's cherry baked pie, surprise, Johnny showed up
You can tell from the smell in the air, somethin' rolled up
It's love, peace and happiness, with the joy and laughter
Camera phones flashes, the moment is captured


It's so nice to see all the folks you love together
Sittin' and talkin' 'bout all the things that's been goin' down


It's goin' down
We rock all in together now, Wu-Tang forever now
Twenty years later we still bang whatever now
Turn change to cheddar
If I could take a quote from Obama, change is better
I vow to never let you down
Remember Meth Tical?
In my circle haters was never 'round
I'm a boss, owe that to Kevin Lile
Reunited, the whole world excited
Wu-Tang is for the kids and people and girls invited


Family reunion
Got to have a family reunion
Family reunion
It's so nice to come together
To get together
I wish grandma could see
The whole family
I sure miss her face
And her warm and tender embrace


I miss my grandmother, my auntie and Unique Ason
I knew Dirt was high when he had that face on
Fangs hangin' out his mouth, his fronts was golden
Wildin', record execs can't control him
He said ish like me and Mariah
Hit me, woah-woah-woah, that's fire
Still no matter what we gon' rep the name
Look at your family, we got twenty years in the game


A family reunion
Gonna have a family reunion ooh, ooh
Family reunion
It's so nice to come together
To get together


Aye yo
I'd like to make a toast to my Wu-Tang family
All over the globe
East coast, west coast
All my brothas in the hood keepin' it good
Peace to the Gods and Earths
All my Latino brothers
My Asian brothers, my Caucasian brothers
Wu-Tang Forever




{*church bell ringing*}
Yeah, yeah, we want all that shit, we'll take all that shit
Sneak up on 'im right, feel me?
Soon as he turn around, just yapp this nigga
I got everything, youknowImean?
They ain't gotta do nothing, but just search them bitches
Let's go...


Nobody move, nobody get hurt
This is a stick up, I want y'all to lift y'all skirts
I mean shirts, take ya hoodies off, jackets and watches
Before you put ya hands on the wall, empty ya pockets
Fix ya face, this a robbery, nigga, respect the juks
Stop shaking, you making me nervous, I know that you shook
The fuck is that sticking out from under ya foot?
Move, turn ya head around, nigga, you better not look
Stacks, you hiding from Tone? I'll shake, rattle ya bones
You killed him! Nah, hit him with the back of the fucking chrome
In the dark, yo, I do this alone
That's the reason why I don't shake hands, in case I gave you a phone
That's a buck fifty, long hickey, when I strike I do it quickly
Creep up on my victims swiftly, make it hard for you to stick me
Cuz if we shoot it out, cuz if I die tonight you coming with me
Bitch-ass nigga, eat through ya chest like some fucking whiskey


BOY! Gut him like a pig in the dark
Or auction off ya bitch body parts
BOY! Poison a guard dog, disarm the alarm devices
Throw ya head in vicegrips (yeah)
BOY! Or stick a hot blade through his heart
Get to sticking niggas for the right prices
BOY! Yeah, this is priceless.. GET 'EM!


Aiyo, I post up, packed the shotti
Black mags in lobbies, with red dots, to detach the body
If you a boss, why ya cash is sloppy?
This a Staten Island burglar gang, ock, not no Ave could stop me
I'm on the road, not no massive robbery
When it come to that dough, it over flow like paper bag tsunamis
I take shit, lumberjacks and Tommy's
Niggas passing out bombs like Culpepper, so I pass behind 'em
My black glove, black mask, requirements
Sent the order to Trife Dies', and he gon' send 'em fast, they flying in
These cowards couldn't clash our lion's den
That forty-four mag'll twist ya aves and the cav you flying in
We hoping out cabs like Iron Men
It's hard to believe how niggas leave with no bag supplying sense
Empty cuz my staff is hiring
Canine dogs with felonies duck fast when firing




Aiyo, we carry arms like a octopus
Shorty's strapped with the mac inside her pocket book
Blowing all lots of kush
Dark tints on the V so the D's can't spot the crooks
Just throw ya hands in the sky, don't try to stop the juks
Face down, lay on the ground, no sudden moves
Yo, then, take off his Timbs and get the work out his shoes
Rip off the pockets out his shoes, make sure he come out his used
I hear sirens, plus the cameras is watching, it's time to move
If you lolly-gagging, word to mama, I'll body bag 'im
Leave his frame riddled with holes, looking like Gotti had 'im
Bragging, juked, in the wagon, laughing
We slid a few blocks down, this kid was frozen
With stones so we decided to yapp 'im
I put the tool in his mouth, said "You don't want the action
These ain't E pills, nigga, these is fuckin aspirin!"
Bean, blast 'im, Homo' get his girl for his cash and
Yo, E, go stop the whip, they 'bout to witness a slashing" (BOY!)



(Intro w/ Raekwon ad-libs)


No more rocks, Rubber Glocks homie
Move here all I hear, Call the cops on me
Ankle gold straight for my chucks, Chevy truck
Good CD, I rhyme to every nigga wit ill weed
We at the cheeba house toast'n, Rhymes we roast'n a hundred K
All they say is Rae and Ghost shitted
Mind frame puzzled, Bezzle cost one million franks
The Louie luggage bordered in Brussels
No he didn't, Harry Winston watch, My time's limit
I.C.S., The G kitted, We fitted
Making my way all through the garden
Large nigga respect, Yep, The Chef up, He kept calling
Counter move'n with my shorty, We both lizard down
Her neck, My ring blizzard down, Get up in the South
Cooling with the hood goonies
The Mickey Rooney's of the Project when mad logic step in the room


(Yes sir)
Where niggas rock mink coats and carry a mink tote
We got our bitches on mean boats
(Yes Sir)
The money that come we spending it, Getting it
Don't give a fuck you get shot in the rented kid
(Yes Sir)
Don't play with the Kings with blings on
(Yes Sir)
No fake shit, Say the wrong thing and your team's gone
(Yes Sir)
From killers and rap niggas who clap niggas up
What, Yeah but, Go get your little gats nigga


Yo this ain't your average type boss shit
Steel pipes big enough to blow out your fausete
We car buying, Bar buying, Not to mention
My wall got flicks of me standing in the back of a large lion
Shearling on, Shirt chill burning my man up
Style is back up in this like P. and E. Sermon
So what yall wanna do these bars is French toast
Sin City style I'm like Marv in the trench coat
Busting off arrows like Cupid
The truth is I got the mother load from my girl and booked it
Went to my cell shitted out then pooped it
Sat broken down twenty dollars for two sticks
Uhh, I'm a hustler, Yall my customers
Broke niggas just wanna smoke like a muffler homie
It's Crooked I and the Chef, And of course me
Michael Phelps of this shit who wanna endorse me




If it's war I'm reaching for the heat
I got bullets the size prehistoric teeth
That'll bite you like the heater or the beef
So I feed it more to eat, To lead a boy your sleep
Leave em leaking on the street
Then I'm creeping low, Discreet
I'm the reason for police when I'm squeezing on my piece
Like I be squeezing on your piece
When she drinking on my skeet
She move when a gangsta say so
She wanna pop skittles, Wanna taste the rainbow
You never know, Crooked could be poke'n your Mom
In ______ while smoke'n a bong, The ultimate Don
Closed mouth don't get feed, I'm quoting you Psalms
Closed fists don't get bread, So open your palms
Yeah, How can you not feel that
I'm on Rodeo with the top peeled back yelling C.O.B
I took a vow of abstinence for ya sucker emcees
Which mean I swear to God none of yall fucking with me, Uhh

(Outro w/ Raekwon ad-libs)




Ay yo I'm skinned up, Nike's is scuffed
Still buggin' earlier around four how I escaped the bust
The way I fell cracked the face of my watch
My mans chantin' me on like "Run son! Don't go up in the spot"
Jettin' through bushes and backyards, neighbors is rattin' me out
Dogs is barkin' all you hear is the car's sirens
I'm tryin' to think and toss the iron
Bomb in my sweats got me runnin' funny, you think I'm lyin'
May God strike me if he don't like me, I'm tired and I'm out of breath
The weed got me paranoid, my heart's poundin' through my chest
Tryin' to focus up and make progress
That's what I get for slingin' in them projects
Next thing you know I'm in this bitch's crib chillin'
Told her my story and like this I had her legs in the ceiling
Cookin' me fries, fish sticks, hot side of them biscuits
While she doin' this, the bitch still slidin' on lipstick
Now I got the fat stomach on, she crackin' a dutch
I'm playin' with her pussy on the couch, I'm ready to fuck
Like come here miss lady wop, where you put the condom box?
She finished off the last one, oh shit I hear the cops
Handcuffs and talkies, I mashed her white Yorkie
Jettin' up the stairs, them pigs want revenge like Porky's
So I slid, hid behind the wall, opened the door
Like ooo I seen my man Meth goin' in raw
So he jumped up balls out, hid in the closet
I'm dyin' laughin', he said "Yo Starks be quiet!"


...and let me put my drawers on, nigga what kinda dope you on?
Should've knocked before you came in the spot, Ghost you wrong
Bustin' in here on that government shit
Got this chick screamin' grabbin the sheets tryin' to cover her tits
She's asthmatic and you laughin' son
I bump my toe on the nightstand just runnin' tryin' to grab the gun
Shit's real man, you spazzin' dun
There comes a time in a man's life, he gotta toss his pack and run
You know we family like Crack and Pun
But Mr. GFK, state your business after that be one
Now can it be that you hot lord?
You did some shit on the block that the cops tryin to lock you for?
Can't believe you blowin' the spot lord
My chick is buggin', she trippin'
My dick keep slippin' out my boxer drawers
Now I'm caught up in the drug sting
Niggas is callin' my horn, police is hittin' every corner we on
Can't understand it, it's a thug thing
And in the moment of thought, I'm interrupted by Shallah Raekwon


I need my money Meth, gonna buy them hundred birds
Tell Tone get at me, all them little clients want work
He know we fresh out, tell the kid meet me, matter of fact beep me
Word to mother lord, son he got me hurt
You still fuckin' shorty? I knew it
The big mouth broad that be yolkin' my balls out
Her little brother wanted two bricks
You know the nigga licks, a Maybach on twenty-six
All he do is get money, hustle, he's a dick
He told me foul shit, wild shit
That nigga wear a lot of loud shit, no that Steve Rifkind style shit
Hit me with some other talk, him in New York
They robbed the Venezuelan niggas, stabbed his son with a fork
That was Jesus' rooster's little niece, little nooses
Father's homeboy, that's the kid who gave us a boost
He gave them things on the arm, said for us to be calm
And if some beef pop off, go ahead and ring the alarm




Meet you downstairs, in the bar and heard
Your rolled up sleeves and your skull T-shirt
You say, why did you do it with him today?
And sniff me out like I was Tanqueray


Why you acting like you more trouble than Tony Starks, 'n'
You need to just 'walk away' like Kelly Clarkson
I know, we was free to sleep around town
But I figured you said that cause how I get down
Not cause you was out there, messing around
I would of told you, once you go Ghost, you never go back
Try g'ing me, like I don't know how to mack
I'm a don - top of the line, I stay flying
Stop trying, to keep covering the lies and
Using my credit cards to buy diamonds
We need to straighten this out, get to the bottom of it all
Let's go, before we start the war
Begin with two reasons why we need to talk
And stop popping up in my cribs all over New York
And, that's stalking, you such trouble and no good
Them fighting words in my block, when we in the hood


I cheated myself, like I knew, I would
I told you, I was trouble and know, that I'm no good


You had to be a nasty girl and try to play me
Nasty girl, nasty girl, try to play me


Ayo, I knew you was trouble when I first laid eyes on you
Temperature's so hot, the heat just rise with you
Let me ride with you, talk about your mistakes
You cheated yourself but these are the breaks
And it never be the same again, cause of old boy
But oh boy, together we make so much joy
In the sands and oh, what a web we weave
But you played me, so I had to roll up my sleeves and
Hunt you down, holding the next man's stacks
Now you sorry, tryin' bring that old thing back and
Act like we can rekindle that flame
It's a shame, how you can't get me off the brain
Hear that lame? You love how I bring the pain?
Got the rug burns stinging and you saying my name
Say my name, that's right, I'm high post
Get the champagne, love, word up, we gon' toast




You had to be nasty girl and try to play me
Nasty girl, girl
You can't leave the kid... can't leave the kid
Don't worry, I'mma be around forever, nasty girl
Don't forget, I'mma be around forever, nasty


Sweet reunion, Jamaica and Spain
We're like how we were again
I'm in the tub, you're on the seat
Lick your lips, as I soak my feet


Yo, get the bath and body works, pumping your spice creams
Together like Cheech and Chong, we make nice dreams
Fight scenes, I take the good with the bad
Cause you give the best brains that I ever had and
Anything worth having is hard to keep
I love you like my coffee so hot and so sweet
So let's, stick it out, so we never regret it
I could forgive the past, but I never forget it




Got to forgive the past, but I never forget it
Nasty girl... nasty girl... try to play me
Nasty girl, you had to be a nasty and try to play me
Nasty girl... try to play me, try to play me
Nasty girl, got to forgive the past, but I never forget it



Meet you downstairs in the bar and hurt
Your rolled up sleeves and your skull t-shirt
You say, "What did you do with him today?"
And sniff me out like I was Tanqueray
'Cause you're my fella, my guy
Hand me your Stella and fly
By the time I'm out the door
You tear me down like Roger Moore

I cheated myself
Like I knew I would
I told you, I was trouble
You know that I'm no good

Upstairs in bed with my ex boy
He's in a place but I can't get joy
Thinking on you in the final throes
This is when my buzzer goes
Run out to meet you, chips and pitta
You say "When we're married" cause you're not bitter
"There'll be none of him no more,"
I cried for you on the kitchen floor

I cheated myself
Like I knew I would
I told you I was trouble
You know that I'm no good

Sweet reunion, Jamaica and Spain
We're like how we were again
I'm in the tub, you on the seat
Lick your lips as I soak my feet
Then you notice the c-carpet burn
My stomach drops and my guts churn
You shrug and it's the worst
Who truly stuck the knife in first

I cheated myself
Like I knew I would
I told you I was trouble
You know that I'm no good

I cheated myself
Like I knew I would
I told you I was trouble
Yeah, you know that I'm no good




For the city, to get this money, Vegas, yo, yeah

 (Trife Diesel)
Here's the rundown, Mustafa's getting money out in Youngstown
Get some goons together, a driver and bring them guns down
Heard he had his hands in some bricks, plus a few pounds
Him with some wild Haitians, set up shop in the dude lounge
Niggas is migrating, he came from Cue Gardens
With a live situation, got it in preparation
When you get there, pick up the whip with the navigation
And follow all the prompts til you get to your destination
(We here Tone, got our masks on, we bout to run up in
I know you ain't talking bout the house, with the broken hinge
65 Alpine Drive, it's looking shady
So I hopped out, pulled the Glock out, plus the 3-80
Hit the living room, I've seen a ripped up sofa, a shattered coffee table
Broken lamps, and a flipped up stroller
The place was ransacked from front to back)
Yo, Trife, what you talking, black?
(Yo, Starks, cut the bullshit and tell me, where the office at)
Take a left and head, down the hallway steps
Pass the painting on the wall, the third door on the left
The safe is on the wall above the fireplace near the desk
Look inside the top drawer, and get the key out the chest


Damn son, aiyo what's taking this nigga Trife so long (I don't know)
Oh shit, yo Bull, get down, get down, get down
Look at Stark pulling up, son (aww man)
I'mma try to call this nigga

 (Bully)
Aiyo, hurry up I see a car pulling up, windows tinted
Can't really tell who's in it, but, I know it's a rented
Down south plates, Atlanta or, one of them states (yo they carryin' somethin')
Man, I wanna see what's up in those crates
Should I pop off, take his top off, before he get to you
Bully like (Yo, chill, chill, this is what we gon' do) aight
(Go ask for directions, right, I'mma go around the back
Wait for them to come inside, I'll hit these niggas with the mack)
Ok, before it even get to that, let me see where Trife is at
Hopefully he on his way, and no one gotta die today (bang bang)
Two shots go off (Homey trapped inside, quick put the mask on, Sheek)
Fuck it, Bully, let's ride
Shooting out the sunroof, missing and shit
I was too high, still think my Dutchie was lit
Trife running out the building, busting, cussing
Blood everywhere, you had to see this shit (disgusting)




Yo word up, yo Ghost come here
Ooh, you in trouble
Yo Ghost man, you haven't found out
(What, what happened?)
I know she is frontin' (for real son)
Nah, nah man come on
She is on the block son (damn)


She said you couldn't deny it
Why did you try to hide it?
You buggin, it's just like you
Tell me what am I suppose to do?
Should have told me long time ago
Baby I would not have walked out the door
You tried to deny your own flesh and blood


I couldn't believe my ears when she told me
You had a child and she was the girl
I thought I meant more to you
Shared thoughts with you, held hands with you
You loved only you, not me and not your child
Tell me why, is not worth your while




So many things you need to do
Like take care of your responsibilities
Stand tall and be a man, strong and understand
That the truth will set you free
No need for you to lie, to hurt on me
She said it and I believe it




What can I do, said it - I won't play with you
*singing various lines over each other*
You tried to deny your own flesh and blood


It was the one night stand and the chick tracked me off
I was drunk and the stink-witch slit the condom off
We got seven years in, now boo now picture me
This Hollywood big-head bitch don't mean shit to me
Your eyes look sad and you are hurt boo, pardon
Self, put the drink down, Scotch is bad for your health
Why you slapped me in my sleep, with steamin
Hot grits in the bowl, fiendin to throw it at me
Chill! (Don't try to deny your own flesh and blood)






Yo, you got the best toes
Petite nose, wit a fresh glow
Hair done in a cinnamon roll
And seein' me as the God Cypher Divine, is major
For you did the knowledge, so you did me a favor
Got my mind right, back tight
Walk wit a brand new talk, ecstasy, owin' ice
It's really too much you write about me, is you
There's nothin' in this world that I won't do


You would of known you would come back out the blue
But I knew, cuz it's been years that I've known you, a young you
Strivin' for good life, true, a young you
You, you, our love can clear down through for me, you
When seasons change you came out when Cap' ran out of my face
I would share all of your pure praise, your pure praise
Shinin' upon my face, your pure praise, pure, boy
Your light is shinin' down on my face


You, make my life right
You, challenged the flight
You, made it all right
Truth is the lights were shining leakin' through
You are my guiding light, you, you, you, you


One life to live if you're in harm, my only life, I would give
Sweetness with strength, you love it, it's my own wit
Wisdom and strength, your love, come full wit, I give
My life is your life, strength, I need it
The time has come to prove my love, and give it's wings
You taught me to rise above us, our challenge
Sincere wit eyes of love, I do trust, real love
And you complete my life, the loved one




You are... you are..
You shine your light on me
Bright like The Sun
My star, and in me, you are, the one
You shine your light on me
Bright like The Sun
My star, and in me, you are, the one
You told me I was strong, told me I was wise
You told me I was love, you told me I was strong
(You) Told me to stand tall, (you) stand tall to make it all
The gifts that I posess, came from the breath above




You, you, you, you...
You, you, you, you...



we in love

