


16th Chamber, temple number five


Somebody said it's on, if it is then I'll be set
To blow a nigga up, with my Five Fingers of Death
I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand
If he frontin, on any man down with the Clan
I be comin, for that headpiece you can't cope
For my brother, I even kill a Pope, word to mother
Serial, killa, style from the Isle of Stat
My peoples are you with me where you at?
Shit's gettin deep in here, I mean like thick
Niggas lookin all in my face like they want dick
It's about to hit the fan, hit the flo'
That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no mo'
What is it? Niggas think they bigga
Because they got the finga on the trigga of a biscuit
They don't know I'm wicked, when I start to kick it
With the raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic
Better yet a Snapple, nigga want the juice
But he don't want the hassle
Thought they trying to overthrow the castle
Better yet the temple, I'm comin to your town
Black down, the rental, car, the pistol
YAH! If you don't want a burn from Glock
Then beware, I buck shots, meaning what, the buck stops
Here, no more dough will be made
Unless it's being made by who... the 1-6-Ooh

 + (Method Man)
Chamber four (1-6-Ooh) Chamber four
Temple number nine, temple number nine


I'm the original G-O-D
Making young ladies scream is my specialty
When I go ooh-wah, ooh-wah, ooh-wah, girls wanna get hype
From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped
When I kill, that ol' mad rugged flow
Not sayin Ason, is like a duck of disco
Or a disco duck, I'm strictly hip hop
Yo, Ason, what's up? I can't stop...
Wu-Tanging, flipping the script and
You could test my skills, but niggas must be trippin
Coked up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin
I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith
You start to flip, now ya slip, cuz you're slippin
While you sleep I be the God on point, like Scottie Pippen
As I, jump on stage, cold flip a rip a show
Strip or rip a ho, ready like Bo
Jackson while I'm still taxin, I'm maxin
Relaxin, sittin backs and, laying tracks and
Again and again when I rock this jam
I wanna see 'em up in the air, throw up your hand
Introducin, the one-man band
A child that's wild, now with the style, couldn't stand
Niggas wanna jump, then stepped, to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, MC tormentor
You get jacked and slapped, across the MC map
I laugh at ya ass, on a horse shack
Come on through I black and blue your whole crew
Then I get rudie with the Hong Kong Phooey
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, MC killer
Money maker, Brooklyn, Shaolin style
That I lay down like tile
Gotta hit you up, one blaow, so you better come down...




One, two
One, two
This how we do it from Brooklyn


Oh yeah that sounds kinda funky
Alright, break it down and then I'll start


Check it out
When I begin to wreck a hip-hop tune
The crowd reacts immediately, if not soon
I'm black and proud, I move the crowd
I raise from Hell, yo
My lyrics alone rock the bell
Of those who say that its me they wanna scar
Hmm, that's like George Burns without a cigar
So come in the game and project the hard image
But they can't never get past the line of scrimmage
Cause I'm on a defense, what a tough sequence
And you lack the knowledge to understand a pretense
So just from not planning it right you got sacked by a blitz of rhymes that will broken down stacks therefore
The mic was hyped but then your hand got stripped and ripped while it slipped from its stand in
What happened? You begin to cease to control it
You fumbled, couldn't rumble, so then I stole it
How did you think you could make first down?
If you were boxing, you wouldn't escape the first round
Save the ball, don't even begin to waste time, drop the mic
Before you reach fate, then you rhyme and realize
You were just weak from the start
You make demos, but really don't master the art
I know ya know deep down inside you can't flow
Plus, you're backwards, when I said red you said "Go!"
But you should've stopped, because the red was the bloodshed
But you ignored the warning and you went ahead
Try me G, by setting up a match
A fair one, meaning no strings attached, then bang!





Try to O.K. Corral with Doc and Meth Tical, Bar saloon fight, without weapons out (YEE-HAH!!), Strech marks, like belly on Kevin Lous, One yard to score, only second down, Hoes play wifey, wanna settle down, Tryin to lock cash, Bitch better bounce, Boyfriend jump in, Meth shut him down, Pound to echo loud, bout seven miles, Doc, Dirty Jersey hunt em down, Uncut, rhymes won't even fit the file, Baddest man out the bunch, pick him out, Drunk with a gun, miss you hit the crowd, Snitches, someone kiss to stitch your mouth, Wilder then winos on liquor droughts, Mrs. Howell, Mary-Ann, dig em out, Ginger watch, with the gun in Skipper mouth, Love Da Ruckus, and love to
Dish it out!



Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy ya, Gimme the mic so I can take it away, Off on a natural charge bon-voyage, Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad, Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm, Rain on your college-ass disco dorm, For you to even touch my skill, You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill, Now chop that down, pass it all around, Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground, For any emcee in any fifty two states, I get psycho, killer, Norman Bates, My producer slam my flow is like bam, Jump on stage ah then I dip down! (See my name is the ODB, and I'll beat your ass!)



Now everything's good in my hood, And it's on and poppin', Eazy-muthaphukkin'-E from east side south Compton, Straight givin' up the real, On how a nigga feel talk that shit, mothafuckers' caps get peeled, Layin' low in the cut, Gettin' high than a motherfucker, Niggas know what's up, I'm that gangsta-gangsta, Is that what they're still yellin', Nigga G to a T saggin' and bailin', Live by the gun, you know what I'm sayin', Ren? (Yeah), So I guess I'll die by that motherfucker then, So when I die, niggas bury me, Make sure my shit reads Eazy-muthaphukkin'-E, And it's a fact, to be exact, my tombstone should read, 'He put Compton on that map', And that's how a nigga feel, When I'm givin' up the motherfuckin' real!



Big Poppa, throwing niggas off of cliffs, smoking spliffs, Disappear with my bitch in a Mitsubishi Eclipse, Read my lips, I kill you, Blood'll spill too, did I say thank you, I grant you three wishes cause I be the genie, Niggas is assed out like fat bitches in bikinis, Read between the lines see what I see, I see the diary of a sick bastard, Junior Mafia blaster, Rugers on the hips, Bought coke to flip chips, bought slugs to fill clips, Flipping coke in corner store bodegas, In the back room playing Sega, Street Fighter II, I'm inviting you, bring your writing crew and they dopest rhymes, I get up in that ass every time, Lyrically I'm untouchable, uncrushable, Getting mad blunted in the 600, Benz, ask your friends who's the illest, Licking shots, niggas screaming "Biggie Smalls tried to kill us", Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin' Bucktown, MAC-11 cocked back, niggas better duck down, Face down, you know the routine, the cream, earrings, You know the drama Biggie bring, let's get it on!



Here comes the ruckus, the motherfuckin ruckus, Thousands of cut-throats and crumb-snatchin fuckers, Straight from the brain, I'll be givin you the pain, anger, Comin from the 36th Chamber, Bang!, Tical, hittin with the Buddha-Fist style, Shotgun slammin in your chestpiece, plow!, Brain is blown all over the terrain, Like a man without no arms you can't hang, Time for a change of the guard, You've been arrested for lyric fraud now you barred, For real, check it, I pull strings like B.B. King on guitar, I'm the true Fist of the North Star!



Hold your breath, We swing it from right to left, Word to Wyclef, You know my shit be hot to death, Staying alive, you know only the stronger survive, Holding my heat, I under my seat , wippin the five, Baseline for all of my people movin around, Give me a pound, All of my niggas holdin it down, Cuttin' you up, The new shit wrekin you up, Blowin you up, My black hole suckin you up, Back in the days brother use to be assed out, Now a brother holdin several money market accounts, Blaze the street and then I would just like to announce, Feelin my grove, My jiga jiga makin you bounce, Others is fare, me and my squad breakin the bread, Straight gettin it, we got you suckers holdin your head, Afraid of us, you know this ain't no game to us, You strange to us that's when we gettin dangerous!



How should I plead? Forever thuggin' on a quest to get G's, Runnin' from enemies ever since the days of a seed, I'm under pressure, the stress will have me drinkin', Thinkin' niggas after me, much too paranoid to blink, Wonder why the police don't wanna see me stackin' G's, They after a playa, but I won't let 'em capture me, I gotta thank the Lord for the weed and the nicotine, I can't sleep, close my eyes, I see wicked things, I keep my pistol by my bedside, one in the chamber, Preoccupied with homicide, my life's in danger, Rollin' down the 405, beware of stangers, Hand on my 4-5; that's what the fame does, I'm probably wrong, but I'll never know it till I'm gone, From out the gutter where the jealous motherfuckers roam, Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me, Before the penitentiary, let's get it on!



You're bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored, When I unleash these beastly hordes on your CD stores, Wanna stop it, You gon' need a priest, at least three swords, A license to ill from the Beastie Boys, Three Ouija boards, a squeegee, and please be warned, Don't ask what the squeegee's for, Or the holy water, acid raps that'll eat these floors, Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns, And as for me, you ask when I'm gone, will he be mourned, Is puke lukewarm, Should Casey Anthony do porn, Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a fricking shoebox with a shoehorn, Smothered in chloroform, so she can go get her groove on, Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus, Joell, yo, tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toed Adidas, So I can put these babies in a fetal position, They're getting elbows to the penis, Yeah, big deal, I took some little kid's Big Wheel and spit in his frickin' big kids meal, Quit tryin' to bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still; did you just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield, Is it dust we 'bout to kick up, Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup, Between his stick shift in his frigging pickup, And drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will 'til he gets hicc-ups, Flipping the script up, Like Mike Vick getting bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup, I'd be a horrible magician, cause I'd fuck a trick up, Fix your lips up to say something fly, or zip up, Aye, B, let's see: you said you were gonna do X-Y-Z, 'Til you fuck around and get dropped, Like an E when you add an I-N-G, Don't put a K in front of that though when I MC, Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth, It's more like a phone booth, Superman in this bitch, Kryptonite won't do, It gives me more power, I bump the Fat Boys and eat rat poison, take meteor showers, Fresh outta the mental hospital, And me not flossing a middle finger while I hop in a mosh pit'll be like Nas doing gospel or R&B, You crazy, Me pushing up daisies, that thought is impossible, As if flashing across the news, Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute, With a huge johnson, boobs and a monstrous tube of lube, And a bra, some boots, Some panties and an aqua blue Mazda, Swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool, So kill the rumors, it aint happening, Ima rap 'til I'm fossil fuel!



Yeah, start wit that one
Yo, yo, yo, my acustic futuristic lingustic rap fabric
Is a mixture of arabic sandscript in its italics
I talk quick, yall bitches cant comprehend my dick release spit
Wit love should I release hits
We travel through bodies like blood vessels
All yall crab niggas try to wrestle to be on top of this pedastool
Slang doctrine, minoxin, lyrical toxin, Im chessboxin
Words is rushin through like a herd of angry oxen!!
Fatal for these pussy cat niggas is dead weight
Concentrate, my murder rate excellerate, terminate
So spoil like coke in the foil
Knock knock, I shot the whole block
Electricity, flow splendidly
Internally inside of me like tony starks tee
I create excellency, one-sixty call l-o-u-n-g assist me
Papi wardrobe is key, roll promptly
For slang hall, vocabulary igor, frankenstein mind
Rewind for a minute while I dig down your track, stupid
I move quick shit is accurate, kojack tactics
Chaos, killa bee minds, high society blackness, spread the rumor
My lyrical marv-el makin more cream than carvel
Yall niggas best to hold your weight like barbell
To my verbal swordsman school, students dont play truant
My most prudent pupil, rhyme under influence
Of alcohol and to-bacco, mushrooms imported from morocco
Bellies on the rocks, and a twenty sack of choco
Wit forty tales and gold around the fist, bitch I carve
Glitters on the paper so my family wont starve
Im deep in the shit, I stay highly involved
Never inconceited, never been beated
Been trapped in many wars but not yet retreated
My style you need it, I just write to read it
Its all fresh lyric, no nothing gets repeated
I came a long way and guess what, I succeeded
I conquer my opponent, and feed him baby food
Cuz hes childish and illiterate, and ye has been rude
To the father year me, o-r-i-g
Respond to the war wit the killa bee law
Scavenger nigga, yous a shhriimp
A full line of shhiit, my ear can digest iiit
Stop drinkin all that water, lets take it to the land
So I can godzilla up your shit mister tiny tim man
Niggas be creepin up my beanstalk
When I start to come down on your fuckin ass
You tried to chop shit on up
Played my shit like parks bitch, Im that
Legendary microphones weaponary
You secondary bitch-ass fairies
Scary cats wont survive this verbal attack
You think youre slang can match
The wu-tang, emphatically now cypher
You fake crumbs, you should be stung on your tongue
While you young guns bunge, we plunge into the grunge
Deep into the dark dungeon, we come in one wind
Nine minds combine to form the wisest rhyme force to summon
I be the quoted mathematical combination
Unloadin mysteries of life, you feel my solar wind blowin
Just then, I came on the stage like wind
Blew slang in your face and it touch your skin
You felt chilly, just like you smoked a bag of illy
You need a coat just to protect your throat
Two pairs of socks, kid Im cold like ice rise
Chap-lipped duds cant fuck wit the chatterbox
Cherry heads felt the draft of the ox
Shaolin niggas wont fuck wit one block *pause*
Broke forgot about half the slang murderer
Down wit the union big street sling murderer
Terrorizin, move Im tranquelizin
Fast getaway wit the slow speed drivin
Two miles an hour, cappa do it wit the power
Somebody blow something, cut fool in the tower




Yeah, start wit that one
Yo, yo, yo


My acoustic pugilistic lingustic rap fabric
Is a mixture of Arabic, Sanscrit, English, italics
I talk quick, y'all bitches can't comprehend my dick release spit
But love should I release hits
We travel through bodies like blood vessels
While y'all crab niggas try to wrestle to be on top of this pedestal
Slang doctrine, minoxin, lyrical toxin, I'm chessboxin
Words is rushin through like a herd of angry oxen


Fatal for these pussy cat niggas is dead weight
Concentrate, my murder rate excellerate, terminate
So spoil like coke in the foil
Knock knock, I shot the whole block
Electricity, flow splendidly
Internally inside of me like Tony Starks tee
I create excellency, one-sixty call L-O-U-N-G assist me
Papi wardrobe is key, roll promptly
For slang hall, vocabulary Igor, Frankenstein mind
Rewind for a minute while I dig down your track, stupid
I move quick shit is accurate, Kojack tactics
Chaos, killa bee minds, high society blackness, spread the rumor


My lyrical marvel makin more cream than Carvel
Y'all niggas best to hold your weight like barbell
To my verbal swordsman school, students don't play truant
My most prudent pupil, rhyme under influence
Of alcohol and tobacco, mushrooms imported from Morocco
Bellies on the rocks and a twenty sack of choco
With forty tales and gold around the fist, bitch I carve
Lyrics on the paper so my family won't starve


I'm deep in the shit, I stay highly involved
Never in-conceited, never been beated
Been trapped in many wars but not yet retreated
My style you need it, I just write to read it
It's all fresh lyric, no nothing gets repeated
I came a long way and guess what, I succeeded
I conquer my opponent and feed him baby food
'Cause he's childish and illiterate and ye has been rude
To the father year me, O-R-I-G
Respond to the war with the Killa Bee law


Scavenger nigga, you's a shrimp
A full line of shit, my ear can digest it
Stop drinking all that water, let's take it to the land
So I can Godzilla up your shit mister Tiny Tim man
Niggas be creeping up my beanstalk
When I start to come down on your fucking ass
You tried to chop shit on up
Played my shit like parks bitch, I'm that


Legendary microphone's weaponry
You secondary bitch ass fairies
Scary cats won't survive this verbal attack
You think you're slang can match
The Wu-Tang, emphatically now cypher
You fake crumbs, you should be stung on your tongue
While you young guns bunge, we plunge into the grunge
Deep into the dark dungeon, we come in one wind
Nine minds combine to form the wisest rhyme force to summon
I be the quoted mathematical combination
Unloading mysteries of life, you feel my solar wind blowing


Just then, I came on the stage like wind
Blew slang in your face and it touch your skin
You felt chilly, just like you smoked a bag of illy
You need a coat just to protect your throat
Two pairs of socks, kid I'm cold like ice rocks
Chap-lipped duds can't fuck with the chatterbox
Cherry heads felt the draft of the ox
Shaolin niggas all fuck with one block..
They forgot about the big Cappa slang murderer
Down with the union big street sling murderer
Terrorizing, move I'm tranquilizing
Fast getaway wit the slow speed driving
Two miles an hour, Cappa do it wit the power
Somebody blow something, cut fool in the tower




Bob Digi, U G.O.D, Raekwon the Chef, the Inspectah Deck
M.E.T.H.O.D., the B.O.B.B.,
Straight up, Masta Killa, the GZA/The Genius
It's the Ol' d-d-d- d-d-d- d-d-Dirty Bastard!

 1, 2, 1, 2, (Killa Beez) turn it up
The headphones, turn it up.. yo you hear me?
 Whattup Tony?
 Wassup don-don?
 All the way up...
 You know how we do...
 Let's get this paper together...
 You motherfuckin' right Pa, uh huh
 What's up, y'all?
 We wanna do it nigga
 You know how I do...
 Sound about to go in on some real Wu shit, uh huh
 W-T-C
 That's right
 Ya know what I mean?
 GHOST-FACE KILLAH!
 Lemme give y'all the bullshit hook for y'all niggas
Check it out...


The burners and the stash, we 'bout the cash
We got females that got it like that
The golden childs that bone the crowd
See, niggas in the place that bit my style
Well, I'm a singer, dancer, we bulletproof brothers
Wu-Tang got the answer
Cause if I had a chance to do it again
I will still keep the heat in my pants-uh


Y'all be nice to the crackheads, everybody listen up
I shot one of my bitches, the ho ain't trick enough
Word life to big screen Don, tapping dustbones out
With starwriters like I fucked Celine Dion
Stuck everything that's the god's honest beyond
We airin' niggas out, that's the type shit that we on
Official Wu-Tang headbanger
Flood your space with big waves like you did in Sri Lanka


I drink heavy gallons of cru, play the big part
Niggas got squid on the grill, selling kids Clarks
Finesse notes, yo, the Guess on with the vest pose
Yellow swede one matching hat with the grey gun
Niggas be rhymin' for nothing, then my team pull up
We all throw down y'all broke niggas stay frontin'
Lines come digital stupid, plus ain't got no jewelry on
Bet I'm still live and I'm coopin'
Two of my silverbacks run through a pack of your wolves
Front on react, we're sippin' Cognac  relax dude
Know I'm with these cracks dude


Yo, 1-2, Dirt McGirt
Solid tone smith with 6th shots, lick shots
Leave your head like a Shaolin monk with 6 dots
Brooklyn Zoo, Zoo
Brooklyn Zoo


It's the return of Bin Laden, grab your armor
Smash pretty boy niggas, crush their karma
Eat bones with alligators, roll deep with my entourage
My whole crew's fresh out the bars
Diggler AKA the Cab Driver
Drop him off in the middle of fire
Dirty Island, drag bodies to the Murderland
Knock niggas out hurtin' my hand


I remember in the elevator we was playin' corners
Now we play the corners and the cops is stayin' on us
Staten's where the war is
Where the court system's running out of warrants
Where TNT be jumping out the Taurus
For real I can't call it
You see I love Lucy cause she Lawless
Exactly like that 1-0-3-0-4 is
Snitch niggas swallow your tongue
Already know the island I'm from
And y'all don't want no problems with them


We got a history full of lightning victories
Conceptual breakthrough, it ain't no mystery
Long vision from giants in every way
Rap czars, magnificent flows for every day
From the East to the 'ville, from the West to the hills
Incredible rhymes, encouraging skills
From rat packs, the smallest crews were enormous
We hit 'em fast with an effortless performance
MCs start fleeing in flocks
Especially those that's more sensitive to heat and shock


We grindin' down to the bone, my name grounded in stone
I'm Mr. Violence we loungin' with chrome
Mr. Violence we lounge in his home, hit the housing on Rome
Shining like a hundred thousand in stones
Move mountains with poems, got a jones for dinero
1-6-zero my songs we throwin' elbows
The hoes cling, sho thing, we know kings
Only dime dikes with minds right, we choose Queens


Yeah, we wild like rockstars who smash guitars
Yo son split his face with the toast, he ain't ghost
It's no joke iron coat rifle with the stroke
One toke brains float, shot to the throat
Before the smoke hit, witness the killing, chilling crime scene
Body on the block, eyes open from the shock
Of being popped in the neck
Yet he still held a lit cigarette between his fingers
Danger when you step into the chamber with the Masta
Disaster, gotta blast ya cause I have to


The rat pack is back from the island of Stat'
Leave you cursed dust, cause you worship the Gat
The first one to snap drunk off the Smirnoff
Blow the bouncer's ear off, let him floss he the boss
Handcuffed, to the turntables like Wizard Theodore
See it's pure, let it rain pearly ounces
Bang him with the thing that hang from the trousers
You don't want no drama, I'm flaming fast
That nigga jumped up and did the Damon Dash




Yeah youknowhatI'msayin
It's all I'm saying
Knahmsayin, yo I'mma tell all y'all motherfuckers something
Knahmsayin, I'm a Dalmation knahmsayin
Motherfucker I'm white and I'm black what
You can't understand it then fuck you, knahmsayin
I love this, motherfucker I need this
We work from hand to hand, from country to town
From city to state, from world to world nigga
From universe to universe
It's a white and black thing, all the world leaders
It's all, and together, I said peace, and love, from happiness
You understand me
??, turn me up
Ah turn me up (x7)
White girls shake your ass
Black girls shake your ass
Everybody shake your ass
C'mon shake your ass

Turn me up motherfuckers getting hot in here
Niggas all getting hot in here
Everybody getting hot in here
Whiteys getting hot in here
Blackies getting hot in here
Somebody getting hot in here
Everybody getting hot in here
Red people getting hot in here
Yellow people getting hot in here
Blue people getting hot in here
Aliens gettin hot in here
Somebody gettin hot in here
White people getting hot in here
Black people getting hot in here
Everybody gettin hot in here

The chamber of this banger, is 36th chamber
Understand Equality Slang, that of Allah's name
Played the rabbit, like you dead
Mork from Ork, first take support see me in The Source
Yo I take the eighty-five percent brain
Cause Black makes what makes rain
Dirty brain is like payday to me
GOD unique baby
Who's the Five Percent of the planet Earth
Tell em Poppa Wu, well it sure ain't Poppa Smurf
Got to check your blood, take you to church
Ministers down with the nerds
Ever since birth
White man always trying to take the Black man's turf
Black man built America
I named you after Asia, you ain't my Momma
Now her name is Erika, Bo Derek-ah
What, you like that slave name
It wasn't 'posed to sound better
New Wu order, New Rule order
For all the maniacs in jail read this letter
Be behind me when I'm making this cheddar
Cause I'mma make it more better for our babies
Cause they play in the same schoolyards everyday
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon

You've, got, that WHITE WHITE WHITE WHITE
White man clock on your wall
I'm tired of gettin up goin to work
For that white, white, white, white man y'all
I's got a bad boss
These thoughts was fucking Diana Ross
I ain't no ??, making this money
Nuh, show yourself
Whitey come on, get the money
My Father Allah walk with Gods
Just like the dollar bill walk with God We Trust
And I walk this dog, two-thousand two-hundred miles for you
What, let the ?? know it's done
Hey blackie, yo whitey
It's all, all, all in together now
We getting paid getting dressed for the weather now
All, all, all in together now
We getting paid gettin dressed for the weather now
All, all in together now
Getting paid getting dressed for the weather now
All in together now
We're getting paid getting dressed for the weather now, peace

It's all in together now
New World Order baby, knahmsayin
Y'all recognize it's together
You understand me, it's the Dirt Dog speaking
My word is bond and my bond is life
It's all in together now my niggas and my niggarettes
My peoples don't worry about it
It's all slang from the same gang
I'm black out, and I'm black in
I'm white out, and I'm white in, so what




Tytanic, let's wake 'em up, ya heard?
Yeah, it's real out here
Justing chill about it now (chill boy)
Some of the ODB what?
NYC CP-3 nigga what?
Let me ask you a question
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel 'bout me now?)
How you feel like C now?
What do you think about the ODB now? (What?)
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel about me now?)
How you feel like my name now (I told you I wanted somethin')


Yeah, bite that point, the habit of breathin'
No hope to find, that you're misbehavin'
Link your cupid and fuck your brewin'
Flash the burgers on your crewin'
Cause I must different from the other MC's
I got the amazing ability
I get on the mic so you can have a ball
I could fly through the air and stick to the wall
I could take a punch or get hit by a car
Could go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact it's what I won't talk about
Hoppin' and goin' out of his trace just to be in the house


I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)


I'm C-Murder, murder mass ten, I'm wit' the Dirty Bastard
And my flows comin' faster than a jet to Alaska
I ask ya how you feelin' my collabo'
The CP3, the ODB from NYC the ghetto B
Light it up, let it cook, look in the mirror, as we crush
Don't worry about how it looks, put some money on my books
Only God can judge me now
That's when I heard the click clown
I was Christened ,I ain't with them, am I RZA
Let them whistles out them pistols
Let loose on them troops and then shake 'em like Cherok smoke
I slam dunk 'em like Shaq
I wanna be free, I'm not guilty, do you feel me?


I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)


Hey sluggin', wanna hit this rock down (rock down)
I only got one world, mane, I feel like take this to the thick of him
Under there, got the smell, you do the ho you hear
Fuck it there, let me get a swig of that Thunder Bird
OK, it's cute, it's squashed
Now, no though mane, lets have a back wash
Yeah you trippin', "no I ain't", yeah you is
That boy spittin', what's his name? 40, quarter, biatch


I stays in place, place stays in me
I'm a vision of truth, just a true MC
Love hiphop so much, mic won't untouched
Thugs grow unbust, bitch won't get fucked
Every 40 ounce cracked, every napsack packed
Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass, the record gets scratched
Oh, the record gets scratched, the record gets scratched


I'm so pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 Clock extra dickless (extra dickless)
For Anybody of them wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this biatch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they septs (for they septs)


And there you have it
E-40 the Fonzarelli
The  from the Soyo block soil
Turf hall, been through it all
Ball 'til we have it all (ball 'til we have it all)
Oh boy ooo me (not me)
Oo we better than ooo me
I'm so damned stalk on my self on crack by self
Ay look where c-murder at?
Me and Ol' Dirty Bastard got the same birthday
If you don't stay your ass out of trouble
Me and Ol' Dirty Bastard got the same birthday
Ay we got the nigga Tytanic on the beat
What's up boy? ODB
We got the same motherfuckin' birthday
11 -15 Scorpio, November Scorpio we tight motherfuckers
We look at the motherfucking memes when we get on the good one I can't please foul while y'all on the good one
I'm on thought, I'm not throw em a paw but I only give lood
What the fuck you drinkin'? Fortay
Shit I'm off this motherfucking .......



(feat. E-40 & C-Murder)


Tytanic, let's wake 'em up, ya heard?
Yeah, it's real out here
Killa block notch, wit' the ODB
NYC, CP-3, nigga, what?
Let me ask you a question
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel 'bout me now?)
How you feel like C now?
What do you think about the ODB now? (What?)
What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?)
How you feel like my name now (How you feel about me now?)
How you feel like my name now (I told you I wanted somethin')


Yeah, bite that point, the habit apprievin'
No hope to find, that you're misbehavin'
Link your crupid, fuck your brewin'
Flash the burgers on your crewin'
Cuz the monks, skippin' from the other MC's
I got the amazing ability
I get on the mic so you can have a ball
I could fly through the air and stick to the wall
I could take a punch or get hit by a car
Could go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact it's what I won't talk about
Pop a word out of trace just to be in the house


So pimped out about my big spendish
I got a 20, 6 O'Clock extra chrystall
Anybody dat wanna pop off at the lip
Anybody that wanna give me banana split
It's only E-40, Murder in this bitch
All the money motivated me to biatch
Three soldiers from the East, South and West
Street soldiers holdin' it down for they vets


I'm C-Murder, murder mass ten, I'm wit' the Dirty Bastard
And my flows comin' faster than a jet to Alaska
I ask ya how you feelin' my collabo'
The CP3, the ODB from NYC the ghetto B
Light it up, let it cook, look in the mirror, let me crush
Don't worry about how it looks, put some momey on my books
Only God can judge me now
That's when I heard the click click, I was Christened
I ain't with them are you wid that
Let them whistles out them pistols
Let loose on them troops and then shake 'em like Cherok smoke
I slam dunk 'em like Shaq
I wanna be free, I'm not guilty, do you feel me?

Chorus


Hey sluggin', wanna hit this rock dowm (rock down)
I only got one world, mane, I feel like take this to the thick of him
Under there, got the smell, you do the hoe you hear
Fuck it there, let me get a swig of that Thunder Bird
OK, it's cute, it's squashed
Now, no though mane, lets have a back wash
Yeah you trippin', "no I ain't", yeah you is
That boy spittin', what's his name? 40, quarter, biatch


I stage a place, place stage a me
I'm a vision of truth, just a true MC
Love hiphop so much, mic won't untouched
Thugs grow unbust, bitch won't get fucked
Every 40 ounce cracked, every napsack packed
Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass, the record gets scrapped
Oh, the record gets scrapped, the record gets scrapped

Chorus


And there you have it
E-40 the bonzerelli
The ballatician from the Soyo block soil
Turf hall, been through it all
Hard 'til we have it all (hard 'til we have it all)
Ay look it's C-Murder and Ol'Dirty Bastard
If you don't stay your ass out of trouble
What's up boy? ODB
We got the same motherfuckin' birthday
Novermber the 12th to be exact motherfuckers
What the fuck you drinkin'? Fortay
Get 'em off this motherfucker..




(I'll give you anything)
I like that, y'all, I like that ya like
(I'll give you anything, baby)
I like that, y'all, I like that like that
(I'll give you anything)
I like that, y'all, I like that ya like
I like that, y'all, I like that like that
(I'll give you anything)
I like that, y'all, I like that check it out
(I'll give you anything baby)
I like that, y'all, check it out check it out


Anticipation of what's to come
I'm so happy that I'm the lucky one
So long I've waited but it's never too late for love
It feels so right, baby that it can't be wrong
Where I am weak baby you make me strong
I'm down for you and whatever you want to do
It's all up to you because


Anything for you I am gonna try to
I'm bonafide, body's just for you
Pleasure every way you can ride
Just to get with you
If you choose to


Whatever method used is alright with me
As long as you get to where you need to be
This is the vision made for both of our eyes to see
It feels so right, it can't be wrong
Where I am weak baby you make me strong
I'm down for you and whatever you want to do
It's all up to you because




Dirty Bas, style cuts like glass
Gotta gotta keep it high power to the mass
Yo Taj, another-like platinum hit
Party people all around be sayin that's the shit


Kaboom, guess who stepped in the room
Tical, hailing from the Shaolin Isle
It be me the killer bee, on the M-I-C
With the S-S-double-double-U to the V-V
Me me going downtown, let me see
If we all and together now, make it mo' better now
Listen I ain't sweating no competition
Flow, going mad low like I'm dissing


Another chapter from the Wu-Tang group
Take a look or a peak, killer bees never sleep
Nonstop put you on the chopping block
Unorthodox, attitude to melting pot


I'll do anything, I'm so into you
Right here, I'm Weak, downtown with the Wu
Kaboom, guess who stepped in the room
The S-S-double-double-U to the V-V


Anything you want me to do I'll do it
Oh, anything that you want me to do, to do
Anything you want me to do I'll do it
Oh, anything that you want me to do, to do
It's all up to you
Anything
That you want me to do
You can have it
Ooohh
Anything you want to do right now

Anything that you want to do
Boy I'm gonna try to
My body's just for you
My love's just for you
The destination
You can drive
You can drive us there
If you choose to, this love is for you
Anything that you want to do
Boy I'm gonna try to
My body's just for you
My love's just for you
The destination
You can drive
You can drive us there
If you choose to, this love is for you



(come on in)

Dinn-dnn-dnn-ta-dnn
(come on in)
Dinn-dnn-ta-dnn, dinn DNN DAH
(come on, come on, come on in)
Dnn-da-duh-duh-DAH, you BITCH ASS niggas!
(come on in, come on, come on, come on in)


As high as Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well don't fuck with it!


Yo, too many songs, weak rhymes that's mad long
Make it brief Son, half short and twice strong
No doubt, it took time searchin, eventually
It was prime urgent, for you to examine the rhyme merchant
Lace MC's with styles when they rhyme drunk
On a label hunt, until twenty thou, out the trunk
Eight Diagram sword swinga armored tank force
RZA throw in the disc but then change the bank source
You can't flow, must be the speech impediment
You got lost off the snare off Impeach the President
Whether in Amsterdam smokin seven grams of green
Then you pack, a thousand white teens in tight jeans
This Witty Unpredictable shot is critical
To analytical analogy, insurance policies why
Said he know that sounds define the note
Couldn't recognize, blast him the fuck behind the ropes
Too many dope niggas I see starvin
Catch a single deal, a possible plea bargain
Wu slay regardles to whom or what, five mics five nights
Hang him from the balcony, drop twenty-five flights
A fugitive bass playin rap czar
Smoke the cigars, his prints on the strings of his guitar


As high as Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well don't fuck with it!


Tical got a hold on ya, doin exactly
What the fuck I mariju-wanta, dis nigga nasty
Deep in the dirty dungeon, buggin, lovin
The ways these rhymes keep comin, at cha splash ya
Get your head piece fractured, with killer cuts
From the Shropshire Slasher, rip shit up
Got this whole thing Tang mastered, sho nuff
An MC too good to be touched, John John
Bring the phenomenon, I cold crush
MC, inferiorities they froze up, ice cold
As we move on, saga unfold
Captivated by a saga that go untold, like Goldfinger
Caught up in a cliffhanger
Yo I-N-S another code red, danger, break out the vest
Now it's tactical warfare, it's all here
Come with your shield and hardware, it be on here
Don't ever roam, in the naked city
Eight million stories none pretty
Bomb em wit the Witty Unpredictable
Conditionin' be critical
Peace to Tang, gettin high on your physical, dis next drink
Is a toast to your memory
When I go how many niggas gon' remember me


As high as Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well don't fuck with it!




Yo, are you taping baby?
Baby are you taping?
Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh
Baby baby c'mon, baby c'mon, baby c'mon
What the fuck anybody wanna do?
Right motherfucking now!
Ahhahhahhhah


I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords
Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad
Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor
Rhymes, hittin on your mind, you could never ignore
Hip-Hop to me is like a place to be
My specialTY from me to you is emCEE
Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh
I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh
I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab
Niggas get mad, your ass never had
This talent that I got will riz-zock the spot
MCs, you got paid a lot
You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams
When it come to the money yo it ain't funny
It's what you gotta do what you got to do
C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain
I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get
On the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit
BLAOW, then you won't step to me
Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be
If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor
You'd be like BOOOOO HE AIN'T NO HARDCORE
Niggas play like they live but won't survive
Jumpin up and down ticklin that jive when you ticklin gab
I'm an average man, G-O-D fan
Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan!
It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too!
Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care
WHO, the Ol Dirty Bastard be
Oh me on my, you be hoppin on my shit just like a fly
BZZZZZT, all around
The dirtiest stinkin sound down to the ground
What what, what you wanna do?
What you wanna do when I'm coming for you?
I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah
Bayybahhhahahahahahahahahahah...




We used to sleep in the staircase, smoke weed in the staircase
Friday night got drunk, used to pee in the staircase
Hopin' a cop might slip, I'm never known to drop the clip
You copped the Fifth, nigga, I'll pop the fifth
I show no mercy, dunk like a bar of Hershey
Call my gun, Lil' Seymour, bitch, or Big Percy
A Dapper Dan fan, who will clap a man
For five grand of small bills, wrapped in a rubberband
Then lay up in a fat pair of titties, my bitch is so saditty
This is Dirt McGirt, ho, not P. Diddy
All we got in common is the money, the only thing I want is the money
You see my face on the wall of every precinct
Bitches keep your pussy decent, I'm juvenile delinquent
For guns that I creep with, they whisper, in secret
Only bitch that peepin', is the one that I sleep with, nih-huh!


Alotta niggas wanna dust me off
Bad bitches wanna suck me off
Rockafella dropped a million here
And Dirt McGirt back in the air
All my gangstas, where ya at?
Throw your guns up and make them clap
Tell me now, muthafuckas, you strapped?
And bitch betta have my money


Aiyo, the bitch better have your money and mine
Cuz if she don't, we both gon' double team that bitch from behind
And for them niggas outside screamin' that
'Somebody gotta die' shit, same dudes on the cop's dick
This is Tone, y'all niggas be frontin'
And most of y'all niggas don't got no guns
Borrowed your man's shit, how's that for a bum?
Dum-dums emptied out of pun son, so see man, see Ach' run
See spots over my Reebok's, cuz he got done
Cheap shots fell out his weak Glock and he got stung
My cheap gun is a gangsta's protein
Treat bitches with the utmost respect, like get 'em wetted
Tellin' to, drink the milk, boo, don't even wet it
This is Starky, I got a foot fetish, loot fetish
With the dust-head men, we got good credit




Notorious Glock buster, cap peelin', block hustler
Who slap hoes, who lack feelings
Black building, crack dealing, black villain
Had a taste for blood spillin', love stealin'
Any thing that twinkle bright to my eye sight
Many nights I used to stay up, at the twilight
And wonder to myself, if's there's a Heaven or Hell
Been alone in these streets, since eleven or twelve
On my own, I run buckwild in the West
A knucklehead nigga, used to sleep in my vest
Had no home, my Moms used to show me no lovin'
Burn the crib down, try'nna dry my shirt with the oven
Now I'm exiled, destined for penal
Hyperactive off the cocaine, got me senile
Back on the block, knowledge to build, knowledge to kill
Intent to put a dent in your grill with the steel





Bitches!

Ha Ha Ha!
Bitches, Ha!
Bitches...


BITCH, at any moment, that's what I'll do
I'll do it to you
And a few of your crew
At any moment, that's what I'll do
I'll do it to you
And a few of your crew



BITCH! WHAT THE FUCK?!
What are you trying to do to me?
You wasn't true to me
When I was locked up you fucked something like 34 guys
But I let that slide
'Cuz your ass is big, and your titties is fat
I wanted to FUCK THAT
But FUCK THAT
I never gave a FUCK THAT, you put me through the courts 
And gave me genital warts
Now I stack my .9, I'm goin' for the knees
I'mma blow 'em out and give your neck a squeeze
As you're standing there, I'mma be like BITCH!
You know you done fucked up, right?


Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die

Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta DIE
 (x2)


Bitch, don't talk about bitches I'm fucking them
Please no fat bitches I'm fucking slim
Unless it's one of those likes stroking my shit
I don't care 'bout how I'm fucking it
How much it costs, big fat...crackhead?
Ain't trying to hear all those words you said
Five minutes, bitch  and I came
Fuck your name, and from where you came

I don't give a fuck, bitch! I will kill you!
You Shaquita! You Belinda! You too Passion...BITCH!





One thing I can't stand is these bitches
Trying to take my riches, when I ain't even got none 
I never lied, you knew what I wanted all the while 
My dick in your vertical smile 
We kiss and hug, and snugg, and tickle
But the bitch wouldn't even buff my fucking pickle 
You fucked everybody else in the place, it's all good
Now let me head-butt your face!

Bitch! I love you, but now you gotta die
That's right , that's right
Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die



Girl you know I love you, you dumb bitch!




That's right, that's right, that's right
Yeah check this shit out
KnowI'msayin'
This is dedicated to all my hoes
KnowI'msayin'
All my babies mothers knowI'msayin'
All my bitches knowI'msayin'  let me tell a motherfucker something
Ya'll motherfuckers want this money, bitch
You better earn this motherfucking money


Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin'
Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin
Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin

AAAAAAHHHH!!


Walking down the street dark, dark, night
Saw a pretty girl, bitch caught my sight
Bitch, so fine fine as can be
Bitch, you know you belong to me
Drove over said how you be
Bitch you know my name's Dirt Dog, dope MC!
Dirt Dog I know what you about
Bitch get the fuck in the car!!
Drove her to my house
Aaaaahhh to my house
Open the door take off your clothes
Throw'em on the floor took off my clothes
Showed em my dick
Bitch dis something that you'll never forget
On the 1st pump started to scream
On the 2nd pump she thought she had a bad dream
On the 3rd pump she started to cry
Dirt Dog I don't wanna die
Well shut the fuck up!!
Pussy ain't nuttin but a skinny ol' bone
You can fuck it you can suck you can leave it alone
25 cents is the regular price
50 cents you can fuck it twice
75 cents you can fuck it to the bone
And a dollar' worth leave it alone




This is Dirt McGirt, B. Valentine
Yo, baby, you know one thing
That I always be letting you know, in your heart
You know when I tell you, I love you
And that I care, that I do, darling, come on

 (Ol' Dirty Bastard)
You come to question me (question me)
And bring me on the stairs (uh-huh)
I be like everything (everything)
And nice as, as I can (why you acting like this for?)
You asking 21 questions, you
Ask all the same, it's just
I don't have the answers you need (uh-heh, uh-heh)
So you ask me where I was
Then I say I don't remember, though
You get mad at me (Yeah!)


Boy, you know I love you
Boy, you know I love you, like
Lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah (you know I love you girl!)
But you're always talking
Boy, you're always talk yourself
Like blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah
(Blah blah blah, why she keep talking to me this way? Ah yeah!)

 (Ol' Dirty Bastard)
Don't ask me where I've been (Where you going?)
Cuz I never tell the truth (never the truth girl)
You said you won't get mad
If I'm honest with you (why do you wanna leave me?)
You asking 21 questions, you
Ask all the same, it's just
I don't have the answers you need (yeah!)
So you ask me where I was
Then I shy I don't remember, though (why?)
You get mad at me (Talk to me sweetheart!)
You know I love you...


Boy, you know I love you
Boy, you know I love you, like (uh!)
Lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah (lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah)
But you're always talking
Boy, you're always talk yourself
Like blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah
(Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah)

 (Ol' Dirty Bastard)
You keep on talking, asking me questions
Driving me crazy, I really don't feel like (why?)
Lah-lah-lah to me (why you wanna leave me?)
You're making me scream, you're making me sick
And I just can't handle it, it's blah-blah-blah to me


Yo, yo, aiyo, hold on, hold on, hold on, B
Hey listen, listen, all I'm asking you, is just one question
You say you love me girl, but if you really loved me
You wouldn't treat me this way, so where have you been?
This is Ol', this is Ol' Dirt Dog, talking to you sweetheart
Don't give me a blah-blah-blah, cuz I'm not here for it
Just tell me, now you know I'm in love with you
And you know you my sexy... so treat me that way, please!
Why do you treat me this way...








Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass
The things that you learnt in class, is trash
You can't do nothing with it, I put you in the past
The pilgrim muthafuckas -- shut the fuck up!
I do it to you bad luck, the hair get plucked
The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash
And stay out of business, cuz I'm takin' your cash
This world belong to me, none of y'all free
I got y'all in -- slavery
The habit of breathing, the hope to find
That you're misbehaving, Link your Cuban
Fuck your booing, flash the burners
On your crewing, cuz I'm much different from
The other M.C.'s, I got the amazing ability
I get on the mic, so you can have a ball (break that break)
I can fly through the air and stick to the wall
I can take a punch, or get hit by a car
Could go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact, that's what I won't talk about
How I'm going outer space, just to be in the house
How I'm going outer space, ---- -- be in the house


Break that break (nah-nah-nah-nah)


I'm that mic enhancer, the beat programmer
When Ason Unique speak, he throw hammers
And we go bananas over old school breaks
I take an old school loop and break it on yo face
I start from a clean slate, bang you on the waistline
Deep Space Nine, Math smash the bass line
I break spines, til they fraction or splinter
I want Michael Jackson money, just a fraction of Thriller
Deep in, the laboratory, manufacture the Zilla
Cock, notch category, capture the realer
We the ex-drug dealers, still serving them fiends
With TV's in the car, the size of movie screens
You know the routine, give 'em what they need
That disco shit, satisfaction guaranteed




Yeah, 1-2-3, microphone check
In the place to be, as you can see
This is Wu-Tang Clan guest starring M.C
With no harm intended, nobody offended
Carry on with the social, nothing but a party tonight
Special invite, ladies free before midnight
We lock the club down, clash sound hear the guns pop
See D.J.'s spin, counter clock, keep gridlocked
Line around the block, women by the flock
Wanna party with the great, I reap Jamel
Ring bells throughout the state
Diggin' in the crates, for the old school
Remix, nice it up for the people
Ladies want the hardest stiff, to spread eagle








Shit. Word. I bust that nigga ass right now
Aint nonone of them niggas cant fuck with me
What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga
Ill fuck you up right now! What?! What?! What?!
Bust your motherfucking ass boy!
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to?
(Word up, bust that nigga ass, word up)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, you know what Im sayin'?
I fuck you up right now
Yeah! What?! What?! What?!


I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out, I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like girls be dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches, what? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit: CH-CH-BLAOW!
Last seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: niggas be quiet as death
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger
I said "Get the fuck outta here!"
Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo fuck that nigga's name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will r-iz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga get up, act like a pig trying to hog shit
So I take yo ass out quick
The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death
You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another motherfucking hardrock
Slacking on your macking cause raw's what you lack
You wanna react? Bring it on back


Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!










Nicole's torn away from home at age 12
In search of herself she found an angel of hell
Who deceived her like Eve
And convinced her to leave
Her family
You can see she was very naive
The fallacy she was taught was brain washed thoughts
In a cult with no culture
Soon she was forced
Into showing her skin tones for thin, grins and moans
To please her saviour Jim Jones
Her pop's was an ex-marine
Him and his team
Got M-16's so they could blow up the scene
"No tambourine-beating Deacon, is freaking my seed, every weekend, as long
As I'm breathing"
They parachuted in, Started shooting men, Recruited by Jim
Grabbed Nicole and threw her in
To the trunk, She was that close to drinking the punch
And realized, False prophets lead to suicide




Why'd you won't let me love you?
Yeah
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
Party people all around the town
It's the ODB kid
Once again coming through your area
And I'm going to tell you one time
You gon' love this


I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out, I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like girls be dropping babies
Enough to make a (nuh) go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Cuz you thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more sh**
Enough to make you break and shake your ***
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
(nuh) catching headaches, what? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
(What?) 'round, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well see? now you're learning
How I don't even like your  profile
It's like BLAOW! CH-CH-CH-CH, MAD STYLES!
Last seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: (nuh) be quiet as kept
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole bloodclot lot
You don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put you loooooooooooow down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a (nuh), who couldn't figure
Yo by a (nuh), who couldn't figure
Yo by a (nuh), who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a gun trigger
"GET OUTTA HERE!"
(Nuh) wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo **** **** *****'* name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
(Nuh) get up, act like a pig trying to hog sh**
So I take yo *** out quick
The mics, I've had it my *****, you can suck my ****
If you wanna step to my mother******* rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death
You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another mother******* hardrock
Slacking on your macking cause raw's what you lack
You wanna react? Bring it on back


Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo! Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
WHAT?
Shame on you, shame
Shame on you, when you step through to
Shame on you, when you step through to
Shame on you, when you step through to
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bas****, Brooklyn Zoo!
WHAT?




One two, one two -- you taping this?
All types of shit yo let that shit ride
Word to mother, turn up the microphone!
Get all that good shit, get all that good shit 
One two, one two, one two... one two
Now niggas know
Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint
This is strictly for the radio, yo
I just want all y'all to know
The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy
They grew up cursin
So please respect my style, please!


I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u
Ohh, sssshit, nahh
I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh
Here comes the medical examinuh
One verse then you out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount
Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya

I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH
Here comes the medical examiNUH
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I ask you
How do you intend this --
Competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH!
You shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish
Yo! You wasn't from Panana!!
I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama
He responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass!
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms
Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang!
Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler
You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler
I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed
Home and play Yahtzee!
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie
With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi

[Yo Unique, yo kid
Check this shit out! Yo, yo]


Ninety-five niggas is wasted
Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted
Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese
Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease
It's not magic, gaming is the gadget
World classic big national high attracts dear graphics
Lampin in my own zone, my physical show
Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome
He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention
The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen
Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist
I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual
I plant crimes inside vocals
My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof
Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream
Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga







Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
What?!! My nuh
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
To the West coast!
To the East coast!
To the North coast
To the South
When you take North, East, West, South
Put it all together and it spell NEWS!
Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues
And ya don't stop
So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker!


Word up, louder
Represent, how do we do?
Please everybody
Yo #1 is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafucka house?
Yeah!!
Man, come on man with that bullshit
Is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafucka house?
Fuck is goin on, niggas from Brooklyn dont fuckin scream like that
Niggas dont yell like that
Muthafuckas is the Brooklyn Zoo in the muthafuckin house?
Shit, is Uptown in the muthafuckin house?
Hehehe, hehehe
Yo, fuck that shit
Is my black niggas and niggarettes in the muthafucka house?
Shit is live here at the Two man
But yo, what I can't understand man, a nigga gotta get drunk
Ol' Dirty I got my Brooklyn Zoo niggas here tonight
YouknowhatI'msayin
These niggas aint no muthafucka joke
When Ol' dirty Bastard records
What the fuck is down
Gimme some love nigga
What these niggas?
Yo, check it out, yo
Im a get busy for y'all niggas and niggaretts tonight
YouknowhatI'msayin, but
A nigga is sober a reason gotta get drunk for
So y'all keep continuin this phat shit
I wanna give nuff respect to everybody thats comin here doin this shit
YouknowhatI'msayin
Cuz my man, the Bandit over here
He gonna have shit goin for ya
On the real side baby
Niggas gotta go
Keep it real, niggas gonna get drunk, niggas gotta go
Like I can really fuck a nigga up shit
When you drunk, all you can see is fuckin light man
Thats all I know , thats all i see
Let me move the fuck over here
Yo yo, these niggas straight jacket and shit
I give nuttin' but respect to niggas that got out here man
YouknowhatI'msayin
Niggas comin into this rap game and shit
And muthafuckers actually think this fuckin rap game is a fuckin joke!
Let me explain to yall about how tha fuck rap is
See rap to me, is like my bitch, right, my bitch
She fuckin up a nigga, and I get mad and I wanna kill the bitch and I wanna kill the nigga
See this is how we must step up to the muthafuckin microphone



Intro:

One two, one two -- you taping this?
All types of shit yo let that shit ride
Word to mother, turn up the microphone!
Get all that good shit, get all that good shit (one two, one two)
One two, one two, one two... one two
Now niggas know
Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint
This is strictly for the radio, yo
I just want all y'all to know
The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy
They grew up cursin
So please respect my style, please!

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard
I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u
Ohh, sssshit, nahh
I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh
Here comes the medical examinuh
One verse then you out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount
Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya

I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH
Here comes the medical examiNUH
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I ask you
How do you intend this --
Competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH!
You shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish
Yo! You wasn't from Panana!!
I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama
He responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass!
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms
Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang!
Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler
You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler
I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed
Home and play Yahtzee!
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie
With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi

(Yo Unique, yo kid
Check this shit out! Yo, yo)

Verse Two: Ghostface Killer
Ninety-five niggas is wasted
Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted
Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese
Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease
It's not magic, gaming is the gadget
World classic big national high attracts dear graphics
Lampin in my own zone, my physical show
Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome
He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention
The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen
Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist
I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual
I plant crimes inside vocals
My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof
Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream
Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga

(sample of Stamina)
(sample of Baby C'mon)
(sample of Brooklyn Zoo)
(sample of Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie)
(sample of The Stomp)

Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
What?!! My nuh
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
To the West coast!
To the East coast
To the North coast
To the South
When you take North, East, West, South
Put it all together and it spell NEWS!
Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues
And ya don't stop
So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker!

(live concert)




Dear Ol' Dirty Bastard, no no
Dear, Baby Jesus, no that's not it
Dear Dirt McGirt, aw yeah yeah yeah
Look, man it's this girl that I really like man
And, I want to get her to notice me
So, I just wanted some advice on
What should I do to like, get her to come my way
Write back soon, your biggest fan, Rhymefest


Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup
Baby just to let me down (just to let me down)
Mess me around, and then worst of all (worst of all)
You never call baby when you say you will (when you say you will)
But I love you still, I need you! (I need you!)
More than anyone darlin; you know that I have from the start
Build me up (build me up)
Buttercup, don't break my heart


Look, c'mon
Have you ever met a girl, come into your world
Cracked the safe, put your brain on sterile
Activate and leave stains like curls
Sophisticate, and make you feel so world
Ahhh, there it is - so liberated
Ridin in a sports car, so ventilated
Joggin in a sports bra, so titillated
Chick so cool, but not refrigerated
Look McGirt, I don't wanna trouble ya
But this chick on my block, I'm in love with her
I wanna get up in her Bush like Dubya
Tryin to get up in her Bush like Dubya
So write me back, let me know
How I'm 'sposed to hit it when I got no dough
How I'm 'sposed to spit it when I got no flow
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy ya, shimmy yo
Oh (woo-hoo-hoooo)




I just wanna talk to her
But I'm me and this girl is so popular
Mr. Dirty gave me his binoculars
From a distance I just started watchin her
Then I met her at Hills on the Southside
Bought her chicken and fries, with coleslaw side
She ain't say thanks enough, that's all pride
I don't care about her manners, I just let it slide
I just think about fuckin you everyday
And just sink in the back of my Chevrolet
All that chicken you ate and you never paid
Take my order, can I have a breast or leg?
Would you fin' to say no, oh, how's that so?
After I came here and spent all my dough?
"Look boy it's chicken, what is you broke?"
Then I got scared and said it's a joke
Gave her a hug and stole her a Coke




Dear Dirty, thanks for the advice and everything man
It didn't really work out with this chick this time
She wasn't that buttercup, she was just another slut man
But you know what? I'm just gonna say forget about it man
I'mma go get a movie, you haven't seen "Harry Met Sally" yet?
It's kinda like what I'm goin through; aww, whatever
C'mon!

Yeah
This is for everybody lookin for that perfect girl man
Sometimes you ain't got all the money in the world
And you ain't got all the looks in the world but
You can still find that buttercup
Don't let her build you up and break you down man
You build it up, whatever, yo freak for me
Make sure she like to fuck though, heh
That's always important isn't it?

 Expect you're the one for meeeeeeeeeee
 Yo Dirt, pack your bags, let's go
 Girrrrl, the way you give brains to meeeeeeeeeee
 Yo Dirt, it's over G!




Yo, this Dirt McGirt representin' Brooklyn
We gettin' ready to wreck shit up, downtown, uptown
(Boroughs, ya'll niggas better know it's something) Wu-Tang, bitch
(Get ya fuckin' head punched ya fuckin' shoulders, duke
This is how we do, everyday, blast through your motherfuckin' speaker, nigga)
Bastards!


Uh, we be so caked up, ya'll best wake up
It's just us and we livin' this up
We sip that cognac, then lean far back
It's just us, and we flippin' the truck
Don't be so gassed up, be foul, assed up
When them coroners, pickin' you up
First you was in a black tux, now you all axed up
You smashed what, like you givin' it up


I'm good with them free throws, like I play ball
When the war is on, it's McGirt that you call
The last man standing, heavy with the cannon
Come through on a bike, with a bulletproof, prancin'
Leave you in your pearl, put you on the porch, dancin'
And leave your brains on the back of a white shirt
While they playin' some old school shit by Al and Bert
(To all my bitches that smell like perfume, Dirt McGirt be here for you baby)
I'm not gonna stop til I'm under the dirt




You can never be as half as me
Cuz one thing'll lead to another, cock sucker, melt ya knees
And make sure that your casket's deep
Cuz my trigger finger's itchin' like Athlete's feet
So stand wise, when you meet the chief
And watch your movements in the circle of the ultra-beast
I'm that nigga that'll culture speak
Whose gon' ride, whose gon' die, divorce your peeps
It get's worse on the down reaking
So please, dog, do you a favor, move from around me
Cuz I set my boundaries, you wanna know where I'm from
Ask Bust' where he found me, true B
Paper chasin', Franklin' raping
And for sure, I'm gonna make my statement
And believe that the shit is taken
Cuz the gun, playin' long, like vacations




We lay the law down, motherfucker
Big Moses in the motherfucker house
Any way that nigga go out, that's how the nigga go out
Grand capo



Yo yo, Miami, yo California
North, east, west and south motherfucka
Yo check this out this is dirt dog
I'm here to make you scream
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
I ain't no actor my shits for real Thigh master
If I don't get paid two or three million dollars on Monday
I'm a bring on the Armageddon it's Monday
Fuck that feeling, this for reeling
Nigga I want my noalin'
Make it rain, hail, storm and earthquake
Uh! That's what I'm saving
Play that music in your trunk
The cocaine got my stuck
Nigga I'm from the ghetto
How many celebrities from the ghetto?
Dirty your crazy, I'm crazy about your music
Dirty your crazy, you're a nut case you're a fucking nut case
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
A to the pox doing night fever
Cancer, herpes, mumps, seizures
Diabetes, TV if your against me
You die easier
Cops don't have a show whatsoever
Ain't no more doctors, ministers
Nurses can't give us searches
There won't be electric, won't be churches
'Cause your body go against you
Whether it's a lie or whether it's true
You can't use violent mentalities anymore
It ain't lambskin you can't use the word napkin
Nigga you're sleeping
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
I can't wait hold on hold on hold on
I'm diplomatic playing pen and pad
Ratatat you're a scared cat
'Cause I have a tat put you up like that
You can't stand that, 'cause you gotta scat
You couldn't even move, don't know how to groove
Bitch take off your shoes, take up the brew
Motherfucker you knew, fucking with the doo
Dirt dog don't make any room
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
I want to give a shutout to funk master flex
And all the DJs across the world
I want to give a shutout to my nigga Lupe
I want to give a shutout to my nigga Suge knight
To my nigga Dr. Dire, snoop dog
I want to give a shutout to um, um, what's them niggas, outcast?
I want to give a shutout to um, them crazy niggas
In parts of the world that I never been too
I want to give a shutout to the eskimos
I want to give a shutout to the submarines
I want to give a shutout to the army, navy, air force, marines
Know what I'm saying? Y'all playing my music
In the submarines and the boats
Play that shit know what I'm saying?
It's called traveling music busting ya ass style
Yo big baby Jesus it's one love
I give a shout out to all the women
I give a shout out to all the babies
All the munch kins all across the world play a, God
I want to give a shutout to all the school teachers
I give a shout out to um, um, myself
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait, nigga fuck that I can't wait
Big baby Jesus I can't wait
I give a shout out to the woo tang, tang, tang
The Brooklyn zoo




Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..


Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass
The things that you learned in class is trash
You can't do nothin' wit' it, I put you in the past
You broken motherfuckers, shut the fuck up
I do it 'til you bad luck and head get bucked
The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash
Stay out of my business cause I'm takin' your tash
This rumble on the ming, none of y'all free
I got y'all in.. slavering


Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..
Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..


I gives a fuck about a bitch or a crooked ass cop
I'm a burst that, it's dealin', the hustle don't stop
I got stones and , ecstasy and weed
Metham-phetamine, sherm, sticks and speed
Pay it high wid, dope is all I got to give
I'm a ghetto nigga dog so I get it how I live
Got money, lock 'em off, fuckers still I got drama
Got two strike dog and like five baby mamas
With new strain I maintain, I'm ready and willin'
To keep change on niggas brains to keep the blood spillin'
I hate it but it ain't complicated, it's real simple
Fuck with me and know you get a hole in your temple
I ain't gonna play you niggas, I'mma slay you niggas
Don't take but a few figures and a few new triggers
Mack 10 livin' legend, every West coast rhymin'
Straight hoo bangin' gangsta and hard rhymin' sodom was that


Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..
Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..


Shut up, let me talk for a minute, alot of bull shit on my mind
Dealin' with crime, alot of y'all dealin' wid rhymes
Stuck on the grind, crackheads cookin' my pies
Startin' off on the 1-2-5, the block's mine
Bucket just spine, DH tryna tap my line
Stop my productions, wanna know my money discussions
Who I roll wid, "buy so many cars is he legitin' of my dick"
It didn't matter when I ain't have shit
They'd watch me in helicopters, parklin' in my crib
All I wanna feed is my kids, no time to do a bid
Feel me, I forced the whole guns a while for my ones
Didn't sell drugs, where the money come from?
No school, no job, no bitch, no food, fuck that
Do what I do to make my shit true
And I make it hard on them boys who blew they cats charges
If I go to jail you know I'm blowin' on the Sergeants


Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..

Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..

Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..

Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out
Makes some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some people
Some people, some people, some..

Some people get caught up
And some charge is brawl out




Every horror movie they can attack ya ass
If you fuckin' wit the Ol' Dirt Dog
Bitch what's his name... in Wu-Tang
Bitch, if you didn't hear it muthafuckin'
You heard it now, on radio 98.7
"Time to go to sleep"
(Aight, it's time for ya bitch ass muthafuckas to go to sleep, then
Big Bad Wolves, niggas
Yo son, aiyo Dirt you ready, ready?) I'm ready, I'm ready
All you bitches ready to go steady
(Yo, hit them niggas wit that shit, son)
To the girls over there (to the bitches)
To the niggas over there (to my niggas)
From the front, to the back, packed everywhere
Wanna get smacked out the atmosphere (you wanna get smacked?)
My name is Dirt Dog, bitch, I don't know where and how
My name is Dirt Dog, and in pilgrim, you smile
Bitch you get murdered from the first start
(Aiyo, God, you gotta fuck the shit up iller than
The that shit son, right there, man, for real man?)
Turn it up, turn it up, turn the headphones up
(Word?) One-two, one-two (one-two ya'll)
It don't stop ya'll (it don't, ya'll)
Won't stop ya'll


Children sik 'em (children sik 'em)


Murder was the first artwork obtained
A nigga didn't know the seven half ounces of brain
You try to maintain, you didn't know the slang
My name is from the Wu-Tang, nigga, I kill a buttfucka up to slain
Nigga, Wu-Tang, you could never ever hang
I said it again and again and again
Nigga you fooled cuz you didn't know this
Cuz I'm the specialist


Children sik 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik' 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik 'em (I'm not asleep)
Children sik 'em (it's time to go to sleep)


You didn't have no power to predict in them
The Dirt Dog came wit the natural handsome and slim
Style that came wit the buckwild
Nigga, I taught 'em, nigga I treat 'em
Nigga, don't know how to reach them
My name is Dirt Dog I keep those speeches in
From down down Martin Luther King to Malcolm X
I make the niggas come up and give recess
Blaow! She don't know my Elijah Muhammed style
Fuck a nigga up wild, I am up on the couch
The Dirt Dog nigga, never foul
Fuck a nigga up, a spirit attack ya wild
How? Cuz hip hop don't stop the groove, ya'll
I make a nigga caution at the smooth yard
Styles that make you wanna roll up in the streets
And go up in ya house, because ya streets and ya house is talkin' to you
You want to get a haunted house Amittyville
What you, what you say, and do




I grew up, in the L.P. crew
Muthafucka, me, Ro' and Johnny Q
Nigga Johnny, attackin' on ya analog ass niggas
Cuz you was on the dick and you wasn't fuckin' lookin' at me
Master Born, and on top of them niggas, you was rollin' wit me
Shit, RZA came through and Popa Wu
Muthafucka, we ran ya whole muthafuckin' crew
Don't act like we didn't know what the fuck to do
Muthafucka, we taught ya bitch ass kung fu, too
What, what, you wanna talk about?
You won't know know no kung fu if I'm not in ya house
Dirt Dog, yo' Busta Rhymes I ain't got nothin' against you
But ya fucked my boo, it's all good, nigga, true
Dirt Dog, do it for you, hip hop don't fuck wit me, who
How, when, what, where, gonna get you




And if you ever go against the nigga, you die
Enough dyin', enough unmultiplyin'
White boys, white girls, when you hear this noise
Go crazy, attack a nigga like a muthafuckin'
Muthafuckin', animal, savage, beast
Comin' through ya muthafuckin' house
Bitch, you couldn't reach
This style that's fuckin' you up



(featuring Goldy Hawn)

Every horror movie they can attack ya a*s
If you f**kin' wit the Ol' Dirt Dog
Bitch what's his name... in Wu-Tang
Bitch, if you didn't hear it muthaf**kin'
You heard it now, on radio 98.7
"Time to go to sleep"
(Aight, it's time for ya bitch a*s muthaf**kas to go to sleep, then
Big Bad Wolves, niggas
Yo son, aiyo Dirt you ready, ready?) I'm ready, I'm ready
All you bitches ready to go steady
(Yo, hit them niggas wit that shit, son)
To the girls over there (to the bitches)
To the niggas over there (to my niggas)
From the front, to the back, packed everywhere
Wanna get smacked out the atmosphere (you wanna get smacked?)
My name is Dirt Dog, bitch, I don't know where and how
My name is Dirt Dog, and in pilgrim, you smile
Bitch you get murdered from the first start
(Aiyo, God, you gotta f**k the shit up iller than
The that shit son, right there, man, for real man?)
Turn it up, turn it up, turn the headphones up
(Word?) One-two, one-two (one-two ya'll)
It don't stop ya'll (it don't, ya'll)
Won't stop ya'll


Children sik 'em (children sik 'em)

Murder was the first artwork obtained
A nigga didn't know the seven half ounces of brain
You try to maintain, you didn't know the slang
My name is from the Wu-Tang, nigga, I kill a buttf**ka up to slain
Nigga, Wu-Tang, you could never ever hang
I said it again and again and again
Nigga you fooled 'cause you didn't know this
'cause I'm the specialist


Children sik 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik' 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik 'em (I'm not asleep)
Children sik 'em (it's time to go to sleep)

You didn't have no power to predict in them
The Dirt Dog came wit the natural handsome and slim
Style that came wit the buckwild
Nigga, I taught 'em, nigga I treat 'em
Nigga, don't know how to reach them
My name is Dirt Dog I keep those speeches in
From down down Martin Luther King to Malcolm X
I make the niggas come up and give recess
Blaow! She don't know my Elijah Muhammed style
F**k a nigga up wild, I am up on the couch
The Dirt Dog nigga, never foul
F**k a nigga up, a spirit attack ya wild
How? 'cause hip hop don't stop the groove, ya'll
I make a nigga caution at the smooth yard
Styles that make you wanna roll up in the streets
And go up in ya house, because ya streets and ya house is talkin' to you
You want to get a haunted house Amittyville
What you, what you say, and do



I grew up, in the L.P. crew
Muthaf**ka, me, Ro' and Johnny Q
Nigga Johnny, attackin' on ya analog a*s niggas
'cause you was on the dick and you wasn't f**kin' lookin' at me
Master Born, and on top of them niggas, you was rollin' wit me
Shit, RZA came through and Popa Wu
Muthaf**ka, we ran ya whole muthaf**kin' crew
Don't act like we didn't know what the f**k to do
Muthaf**ka, we taught ya bitch a*s kung fu, too
What, what, you wanna talk about?
You won't know know no kung fu if I'm not in ya house
Dirt Dog, yo' Busta Rhymes I ain't got nothin' against you
But ya f**ked my boo, it's all good, nigga, true
Dirt Dog, do it for you, hip hop don't f**k wit me, who
How, when, what, where, gonna get you



And if you ever go against the nigga, you die
Enough dyin', enough unmultiplyin'
White boys, white girls, when you hear this noise
Go crazy, attack a nigga like a muthaf**kin'
Muthaf**kin', animal, savage, beast
Comin' through ya muthaf**kin' house
Bitch, you couldn't reach
This style that's f**kin' you up




Yeah, yeah!
Motherfucker right up do, tape things
Yo, are you taping baby?
Baby are you taping?
Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh
What the fuck anybody wanna do?
Right motherfucking now!
Ahhahhahhhah


I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords
Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad
Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor
Rhymes, hittin' on your mind, you could never ignore
Hip-hop to me is like a place to be
My specialTY from me to you is emCEE
Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh
I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh
I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab
Niggas get mad, your ass stink never had
This talent that I got will resound the spot
MC's, you got paid a lot
You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams
When it come to the money yo it ain't funny
It's what you gotta do what you got to do
C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain
I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get
On the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit
BLAOW, then you won't step to me
Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be
If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor
You'd be like "Boooo He ain't no Hardcore"
Niggas play like they live but won't survive
Jumpin' up and down ticklin' that jive when you ticklin' gab
I'm an average man, G-O-D fan
Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan!
It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too!
Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care
Who!, the Ol Dirty Bastard be
Oh me on my, you be hoppin' on my shit just like a fly
BZZZZZT, all around
The dirtiest stinkin' sound down to the ground
What what, what you wanna do?
What you wanna do when I'm coming for you?
I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah, bayyyybah




Y'all no nothing 'bout the pimp game
I wanna thank Rick James for letting me do this song, thank you very much


Who are you? Girl, who do you belong to?
My point of view is, girl, I think you're hot
If we halt, what words will I describe
There's no dictionary book to explain how you look
Cause I think you're hot (Sexy, sexy, sexy)


Cold blooded!
Girl, I think you're hot (Sexy, sexy, sexy)


Who are you? Girl, what's your name and number?
Is it true? Girl, you think I'm hot
If we tried to get to know each other
You might find, you couldn't trade me for another
Cause I think you're so (Sexy, sexy, sexy)




Sweetheart baby, touch me girl where I wanna be touched
Don't ever complain, got ya in a cobra clutch
Love me tender, love me sweet
I wanna bust this nut in a superfreak
Oh, you're a superfreak, fuck me anywhere
You ain't scared to ever do a do or dare
I wanna undress you, hold your loosie tight
And I won't cum all night!






Ol' Dirty make the girls say
Come on, clap, come on, clap, come on, clap
Come on, everybody, come on, clap
Come on, yo


Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
No it's Dirt McGirt, ain't a damn thing changed
Just put spinners on a brand new Range
When I walk up in the party everything seem strange
Oooh, must be that Roc-A-Fella chain
I mixed it up, with that Wu-Tang slang
That college girl over there, she give good brain
When I pull out my gun, it goes chitty bang bang
I love 'em fat bitches cuz they titty hang hang
When I'm trying to get some food stamps, to buy some champagne
When you in the senior cars, gonna make you switch lanes
Blame it on the muthafucking game




Now, come, get some, you little bum
I'm Dirt McGirt, still living in the slums
Yeah, that's where I'm from
And I got enough liquor, you can all get some
The Swizz Beatz drum, bang through your speaker
I don't want no bud, cuz that ain't no good reefer
Forget from the Dirt, though, I'm the grim reaper
And I might hit it once and pass to my man Peter
Adios see ya, would hate to be ya
Your man talk shit, I'mma put him in the sleeper
So get down, get down, like James Brown
Roc-A-Fella money got me feeling lot better now




Oooh, love it when you shake it to the ground
You serve in town, ODB comes around
Blaow, listen to my drunken style
Got enough Chambers, I can hit it going wild
Rims on my truck is bigger than a cow
Chpaow! Jewellery cost more than your house
If you cooking in your kitchen, get the fuck out
Make them scream and shout "McGirt, get in the house"
Dude gonna air it, I'm barricade, pull it out
If I ain't got my gun, I hit you with the Guinness Stoute
I'm back, buzzed, hit you with a different route
Peace Mariah, for getting a nigga the fuck out






Yeah
Huh, huh
Yeah
Fo' sho', fo' sho', you know that...
Knowhatimsayin, tired of takin motherfuckin bullets for niggas and shit
Knowhatimsayin?
I feel you my nigga
Catchin 45s, being chased by the government, shit like that
I'm diggin it
Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up
Knowhatimsayin?
Yeah, MC Conditioner, yeah, knowhatimsayin?
Tired of takin motherfucking bullets for niggas and shit Catchin
45s, being chased by the government, shit like that
I'm diggin it
Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up
Knowhatimsayin ?


MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur... 


Yeah, yeah
Wu-Tang Clan
Big Snoop D O double G
Somethin for the 2000


Your mama name Peter, papa name Cita
Fuck that nigga, when it come to the heater
Be the elevator, pussy eater
Too desperator, got shot, a hibernator
Hit a nigga later, he got to vacate 'em
Old Dirty corporata, splash, I'm up on the punanny flash
Bad gas, Macintosh, the light is red
Pee in the bed, I'm frustrated
For 29 years, no educated
High caded, cuz you kept it checkmated
What a waste, I'm up in yo' face like what
All you niggas I'm puttin you in your place

HOOK 


Mr. No-Meaner, pussy ho-beater
I keep fo' heaters when I'm dippin with my vita
Suckers they wanna beat us, join us but we don't need 'em
Pump 'em and defeat 'em, dump 'em, and delete 'em
This negro right here pimps hoes
I smoke so much dope I have ya bloody at the nose
Since my buddy at these hoes wit a bud like a rose
It just so happens I'm the nigga that she chose
I flows above the rest, mos' def'
Got you shakin yo' ass, and you throwin up yo' set
Whatever you do, you keepin it true
Big Dogg and ODB, I thought you knew
Oooh, the Wu, is back up in this motherfucker
Oooh, and Snoop, is burnin rubber on these suckers
It's a dog day afternoon
The Clan go bang, and the bang go boom
How you love it, how you like it, and how you get it
Do that damn thing and quit buillshittin wit it
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy is a amateur (say what)
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur

HOOK


Yeah, yeah...




Yeah, pump that shit, testin
Check, 1,2, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes y'all, to my niggas y'all
To my click y'all, you can't quit y'all
Wu-Tang bangin' that dope shit y'all
That make you wanna roll up and smoke shit y'all
To the beat y'all, you can't sleep y'all
On my flow y'all niggas don't know y'all
You see my style calm but wild
You witness the rhyme, nothin but dimes
The eightball murder verse, freestyle or rehearsed
I wreck emcees whether I'm last or first
What, what, what, what, hazardous dart
Visual long forgotten art
That fell apart, til the blood ran from the heart
Pump through the street, Rza make re-break beats
Packed seats, rapid fire raps at off track meets
And an arm tank, high rank, heavy metal shank
Blow 'em off the plank when they ships approach the bank
Wu niggas rollin, throwin the first rap slogan
Heroes of Hogan, shot up the military clothin'
Quickly blow up, rolled up in rappers like pennies
My brother stack tracks on the behalf of many
With the wisdom, power of, science from experts
Self applyin, that put giants in the network
Through compact discs and televised live quotes
We multiply our strength, on a worldwide note
Yes, what, what


Yes, yes y'all, you don't stop
You keep on, til the break o dawn
Ah yes, yes y'all, you don't stop
Ah Wu-Tang known to make your body rock




Slide out ya clothes, and baby take off your shoes
That coochie got me so confused, that I don't know what to do
(Taste so sweet) daddy, divine, I got a woman so fine
That I gotta have it, like a rabbit, almost all of the time


I knew this hotty named Janine, and she lived out in Queens
And she had a body, kinda like a horse, if you know what I mean
So I saddled up, more bang for the buck, cuz she was splurging my cash
And I'm alright, cuz every night, when I got to the crib, was hurting that ass
She used to tell me how much she loved me and how much she need me
How she can't wait to get home and rub me, and hug me and squeeze me
And after that, she just popped that bubbly, and touched me and teased me
And when she was mad, she would push and shove me, and fuck me and feed me
I gotta admit, I would spoiled and rotten, dirty down to the core
And I'm insane, almost to the point where I really don't want it no more
But never that, I got back on track, and I had to put it together
Because without 'em, my world is gone, so slip away, I won't let her, I tell her




I know this, girl named Anna, she was from Alabama
She had some cooch, that had me driving back and forth from Atlanta
Anna was a full grown independent woman with a car and a house on the hill
And no words can explain, how the hell she be making me feel
She knew just how to move them hips, she was like a gift
With a little bitty bow on top
Ripped my presents open, lights out, but the show don't stop
She got busy in the back of the custom four door drop
Freshly dipped from the Fendi shades to the Polo socks
Give it to me like a song I wrote, aren't I dope?
On that note, she was just my kind
A penny for my thoughts, always on my mind
Explain why her name's over all my rhymes
No woman got me using up all my time
Crazy in the head, all off my grind
Believe me or not, I've done lost my mind




I knew this honey named Renee, and she lived in BK
And I only hit it one time, now I call her everyday
And she said I'm gettin' on her nerves, cuz I'm lost for words
Infatuated by her beauty, and her wonderful curves
I said, bitch, I'm Dirt McGirt, fresh out and back on the scene
And don't you ever in your life, turn ya back on a king
I got something to prove, I done got my groove back, and all in the loop
Once papa got a brand new weave bag, and some blue suede shoes
I got another pep in my step, and a whole new glide in my stride
Put sixty thousand on my neck, and a million dollar look in my eye
And then she thought it, by the attraction, said I could hit it again
And I been waiting for this moment, since I got out the pen, I tell her





"C'mon baby, c'mon c'mon baby" repeats
In background all throughout the song

"You bitches can't do nothin" repeats
In background through intro


It's Ol' Dirty Bastard and shit, know'm sayin?
I wanna give a big shout out to my nigga Lou
KnowI'msayin? You know, you know, know
I wanna lock all the bitches down
I wanna lock all the bitches down from the North
To East, to West, to South
KnowI'msayin?
I wanna.. help me put these bitches in my trance
I want y'all to suck my lizard
You bitches wanna fuck me when you smell my under-arms


I'll make yo' dick disappear
I ain't hearin' anymore weird sounds in the air
PSSSSSSS... you can't purr no more
You wanna kneel and suck dick? I'mma keep your throat sore
Bitch you got herpes in ya ass
Every time you fuck a nigga, he dies fast
And you won't last
The pussy break down from a rash
It's hard for you to walk, cuz you stuck up in your ass
Don't ask me for no cash
You better not be tellin' me to give them no cash
Ash, bash, crash, sad ass


Give me a little of that Cracker Jack
You ain't caramel coated Cracker Jack
Well surprise, bitch you gonna get waxed
That's that shit, you can't do nothin' about


Girls ain't pretty to me anymore
Cuz you ain't bein a real whore
Ooh, you ain't a real whore
*I'm gettin' hot and touchin' myself!*
You can't say, wear nails anymore
You ain't givin a, manicure
Suckin' my dick is gonna be your cure
If you don't, your punishment
You can't get off until you suck my dick
Physically I operate your brain to function
Give me anything, that I want and
ALL GIRLS WANNA FUCK ME EVERYDAY
And give me that, the money
Don't even know it happens naturally
Especially when I'm playin with the chemistry
THE MONEY COMIN TO ME FIRST
You gonna keep dyin til you die from thirst
I WANT A DIFFERENT GIRL EVERYDAY
If you wanna die, you gotta drink my sperm
The other way to die, is eat a can of worms

Chorus 3X


Give me a little...
Yo, I love you girls cuz you wanna stick your tongue up in my ass
Or you can't taste, smell, touch or hear, or see
I got you in a smash, give me it!







Let's drink wine from the purest grapevine and rhyme
Out my motherfucking mind
Metal shine, light blind, cut the mic line
Catch juice from the lamp pole
Fifteen twenty-inch woofers blow the manhole
Made the street crack, massive feedback
Allah Math spin the beat back
The crowd look while the stage shook
Carpenters made errors
Craftsmen had his head severed
Pyroclastic flow, heavy like tons of snow
Wrote this rhyme in video, verbal assassin
Blastin, exploit your break through explosively
Echo chamber ate that rap up ferociously
Gain control, optimize the input channel
I set it relatively high for those on a panel
CD with the durable long-life cover
Very similar to no other
I seen a million try to set afloat, thousands that show
Observe with the patience of watching a flower grow
But one individual they forgot to frisk so
Now his pursuit is not without risk
A special no thanks for being flank
While journalists stay runnin in front of tanks
Flew out first class, came back, closed task
Rough path surfaces, no math
Military campaign, bust shots, cause inflammation of the brain
Beat Crazy Eddie insane
Feel the pain, niggas reign


I'm gonna crash your crew




Hey yo
Turn my shit up son too
No doubt (know exactly what you talkin about)
Do-do yo (You know?)


I'm gonna crash ya crew, I'm gonna crash you too


Let's drink wine from the purest grapevine in Rhine
Out my motherfuckin mind, metal shine
Light blind, cut the mic line
Catch juice from the lamp pole
15 20-inch woofers blow the manhole
Made the street crack, massive feedback
Allah Math', spin the beat back
The crowd look, while the stage shook
Carpenters made errors, craftsman, had his head severed
Pyroclastic flow, heavy like tons of snow
Wrote this ryme in video, verbal assassin, blastin
Exploit ya breakthrough explosively
Echo chamber ate that rap up ferociously
Gained control, optimized the input channel
I said it relatively high for those on the panel
CD with the durable, long-life cover
Very similar to no other
I've seen a million try to set a flow, thousands that show
I observe with the patience of watchin a flower grow
But, when individuals they forgot the frisk
So, now his pursuit, is not without risk
A special no thanks for being flanked
My journalists that stay runnin in front a tanks
Flew out first class, came back close cash
Rough task, services, no math
Military campaign, bust shots, cause inflamation of the brain
Beat Crazy Eddie insane
Feel the pain, niggas reign




Make sure you got your helmet on and strap it on tight
Via satellite, I crash like Roswell, landed in a poverty hell
El Isreal, sippin cocktails, then we build like hammers and nails
Verbal carpentry, rap gettin rocked in road cells
Economically, I give labotomies, stay high off the finest weed
Form a colony off the words I prophecy
Brain damage you, crash your crew like Norfolk lawsuits
Mayday, pull out your parachute, check the parables
Drunk off the Absolut, get off my avenue
Drove you over like the bulldozer
Tell your cap'(tain) to train war soldiers
Your whole camp get the cold shoulder






Alright, my man, that's cool?


Yup! Sorry I didn't recognize you when you first came in, man


Man, that's alright, man, shit, man, aight
Aight, thanks alot man, you know
You got the young white folks, man
They be all cute and shit
Little cute white folks, huh?
Little cute devils




Here it is
Where's it at?
In the back
Got a stack
The Dirty Bastard
Yo you Bastard flip the phat track
Here I go, here I go, whether friend whether foe
Let them know that I flow over the rainbow
Hit the deck
Aw, yep, (ch-ch plow) from the Tek, takin heads, takin necks
What the fuck they expect?
I don't know
I don't care
I won't fall
I won't stare at a ho, less I know that I'm going to the mo-
T-t-tel, cause I'm lousy, technique is drowsy
Stop tryin to foul me
Sayin that we're lousy
But I'm a tyrant, defiant, walkin New York Giant
President of the Wu
But I'm also a client
It's the Wu, what, you knew what, you do what, what, who, what, what
I don't give a flying fuck
About a chump, cause his heart only pumps Kool-Aid
Snatch a kid by the braids, and cut his head off


Rhymes is rugged like burnt buildings in Harlem
The Ol Dirty Bastard from the Temple of Shaolin
Dirty to the brain like drops of acid rain
Clang, clang, clang, rhymes pluckin at your brain
So take a sip from the cup of death
And when you're shaking my right hand, I'll stab you with the left
(Whirr whirr whirrr!) Red alert! Red alert!
Ason comin straight from the dirt
Once I go berzerk, mad brothers got hurt
Nuthin new in ninety-two
It's time to go to work
Trills, watch them scream once I hop on the scene
They fear the return of the fatal flying guillotine
Mr. Milli, that means I'm also militant
Don't wear no suit and tie, I'm no gentleman
Gettin laid, takin heads, that's my hobby
Punch a brother in the face who call me Robbie
I be the RZA, call me that cuz-I
Never liked the name I recieved from my poppa
Dirty deluxe, yo, I'm huntin for ducks
Snatchin devils up by the hair, then cut his head off




Peace 
  Say it again

The Genius 

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard 
I'll grab and the mic and I'll damage ya
Cut your whole stamina
Here comes the medical examiner
One verse then you're out for the count
 make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake him up and then ask him
Why did he attend this --
Competition to get an ass kickin so tremendous
Boy you know you shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like the 
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
[I stepped up to a jet black kid, started speakin spanish!
Yo he wasn't from Panama
I asked him how he get so dark, the nigga said suntanama!
He responded so fast, you made me laugh]
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH 
[Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
I brought out the punk in him
Caught him with a strong five deadly venom
Told him enter the Wu-Tang
Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush the shit you bring]
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man 
You try to Jew me for a rhyme 
Go out like Nazi; you'll be wishin your fuckin ass stayed
Home and played 
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin 
With Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and 
Wu, who? Me gettin wreck so I'm through
Like a ten and a half foot, gettin in a seven 

Have your ass doin some Night Fever shit like John Travolta
I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script
And rock on from P.M. 
Pass the Hammer you're broke down, English grammar what what
Can't understand it here's the panaroma

Should of stepped to those fuckin kids who tried to 
Yeah I bust that ass before

And want to perform a massacre
Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular
Crush the personal vendetta, well you just better
Start stepping to your 
Put the pedal to the metal
You and your DJ change your name to Ma and Pa Kettle
As I 
It's not a Newport but it's still live with pleasure
[C'mon don't be silly, just a bag of sensamilli
Rolled up in a] Motown Philly
[I used to write all the time when I smoked
Grab the mic, then I kinda like went for broke
With visually concepts strongest rhymes and biceps
Lyrically speakin, three to four rhymes a choke
Some think they be harmin this, claimin they be bombin this]
But they still remains anonymous
I pull strings like Jimi Hendrix
Ride more beats that go backs to the days of Eddie Kendricks
I teach the truth to the youth, I say 
Here's the truth, better start wearing 
Arm yourself with a shield
 just like the Children in the Cornfield




A game of chess is like a swordfight:
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible


Raw I'ma give it to ya, with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushin' force, my force you're doubtin'
I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucasus Mountains


Well, I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from
Is comin' through with nuff niggas and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweatin', stressin', contestin'
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain, there's no way to barricade me
Steamrollin' niggas like an 18 wheeler
With a drunk driver drivin', there's no survivin'


Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome TEC's, nickel-plated MAC's
Black AC's, drug-dealin' styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
'Cause I got to get my props and win it, yo
I got beef with commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lampin' in a Lexus, eatin' beef
Straight up and down, don't even bother
I got 40 niggas up in here now who kill niggas' fathers


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Bees on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats


Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombin' shits BOOM!
Just warmin' up a little bit, vroom vroom
Rappinin' is what's happenin'
Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clap and then
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone, put strength to the bone
DUH DUH DUHenter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff
Huff? Puff? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff
Rough, kickin' rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley, I'm a Mi-Beetle Bailey rhymes
Comin' raw style, hardcore
Niggas be comin' to the hip-hop store
Comin' to buy grocery from me
Tryin' to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot
RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ol' gettin' low with his flow
Introducin' the Ghostface Killah
No one could get iller


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats


Speakin' of the Devil, psych!
No, it's the God, get the shit right
Mega trife, and yo, I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kickin' that fast shit
You reneged, tried again and got blasted
Half-mastered-ass style, mad ruff task
When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night, yo, I was hittin' like a spiked bat
And then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm runnin' with thugs that flood mugs
So, grab your 8 plus 1
Start flippin' and trippin', niggas is jettin', I'm lickin' off, son


Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang! Wu-Tang!


Homicide's is legal and death is the penalty
One justifies the homicide when he dies in his own iniquity?
It's the master of the Mantis Rapture comin' at ya
We have an APB on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture
The flow changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie, paralyzin' the victim
You scream as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Movin' on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfuckin' contender


My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats




"When the east is in the house" Jeru the Damaja (sample) Oh my god! (2X)
Yo East New York in this muthafucka, Blahzay Blah in this muthafucka
Brooklyn in this muthafucka, Dirt Dog in this muthafucka, it's on point
Come on baby let me jump, let me see you body rhythm pump
Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go


Aiyo, my timin' is so precise, gangsta all my life
I don't get get robbed, I control the heist
Cold as ice, still mountin' this whole device
Life's a gamble, so I roll the dice
I tamed up, still I'm up and coming
Auto start, put on my sneaks, truck is running
Bad broads, that's beyond Beyonce
Eatin' on my body like a dinner at entree
What ya'll critics gonna say, don't even risk it
Forget Pillsbury, eat this Blah Blah biscuit
Ya'll watered down the game, man, like bar liquor
It's nothin' for me, I just buy the bar quicker
Oh my God, nigga, I'm in the house, and I'm rowdy
He been doin' this since five thousand on an Audi
Remember "Danger!" Yo, ya'll know Blah
This is grown under water, ya'll ain't even in my sonar


The east is in the house like (danger)
About to, turn it out like "Oh My God" (danger)
Put the barrel in your mouth like (danger)
I see the dipper through a blouse, it's "Oh My God" (danger)
Me and Dirty on the floor like (danger)
Me and Dirty pimpin' ho's like "Oh My God"


So then you act like you love my little baby
And you know that I act a little crazy
Come on baby let me jump, let me see your body rhythm pump
Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go
I'm on the streets lingo, spendin' the spingo
Eazy-E lingo, doin' the dango, the vet' don't wear Kangol
I dare pump my shit, at the club, actin' strange, yo
Smack ya'll niggas in the face, yo
Got wiggas in the place, yo, block party in this muthafucka
I'm the only round actin' like sucka, sucka bitch ass puffer
So don't play this muthafucka, or watch you bird clucker
So don't let yourself break yourself
With the sip and tumble, that will take yourself
I move with that heat that smoke you in your head, man
The shit war, time to take, man, take man




Come on baby let me jump, let me see your body rhythm pump
Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go




Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
In the danger zone, in the danger zone
(Say what?
Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone
In the danger zone, in the danger zone)


From coke to PCP, from Marie to Penelope
I'mma smoke this cocaine, like white boys smoke trees
Can I get that G, autograph me
I feel like a refugee how people run up on me
Pussy is powerful, it feels wonderful
It got me worshipful, money is plentiful
Niggas is full, and plus your bored
Any girl I pull is too wall for war
Power plug on, pussy turned on
I rocked it on, rap colored thong
Weight, I put on, strong like protons
I polly, then I'm gone, my style carries on
It's my party, holdin' too much hotty
Go and dance, and it's a robbery, actin' all snobbery
Real name: Moses, I pantyhose it
To all my hoes, industry, I sow's this




Where the aluminum bats'll give welts
And niggas wear ratchets in they belts
Nah, niggas wear ratchets like belts
Nah, it ain't good, but if you say the wrong thing
In my hood, might as well, say the casket just fell
Collapse from that smell, he dodgin' po-po
Niggas wanna act like they mafioso
All they see is me, when I spark the four-four
With a red dot, bigger than the Target logo
Dudes be superhuman, on some X-Men shit
With fast ways, you the only dead man to live
So act tough, til he see his best man give
Now he pro-black, on some X-Clan shit
For realer, I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge ain't sweet, when a muthafucka pussy
So get loud, get piped, get drunk, get live
Get tough, get hype, go ahead, get smacked, nigga






Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage ah then I dip down


"I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch" (x4)


Yo, Check the mic line for wire-taps
We're under attack, man your stations, take aim, proceed
Fire back, all hands on deck: cadet, vets, insert cassettes
Tracks snap heads like berets; catch web-sites like internet
Chief, I detected vehicles approaching from the East
Pass the infrared binoculars, captain, so I can see
Sound the alarm; call for the suicidal-kamikaze ninjas with the bombs
Flashes of neon, all we saw was flying arms
Anytime I come by, alumni cut short their air supply
Send 'em back like George McFly
I, be holdin' this; travel ground like a motorist
Poisonous gas released from my track, its odorless and tasteless
Like Ghost is face-less
Which allowed the God to break backs, and beat a hundred cases
MCs heads weave like trees, in a breeze to rhymes like these
Underwater flow strike like torpedoes
You get plugged more than Del Rio; played short like De Vito
Split the fuck up like Mike-Jack and Tito
Sword cuts sharper than Concorde needles
Call my second private, tell 'em write this important message to Cypress
I heard Yacub's assistant on the island was Dr. Titus
And they just released a new deadly virus
To infiltrate the Western States
It's time to pump out more rap tapes
And use the Wu-Tang symbol to communicate
RZA, over and out...




Relax and take notes
While I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke; gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor
The rap slayer, the hooker layer
Motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace," smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act, funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fist, like Camacho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up" Niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rocked quick
I guess I was a combination
Of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was humpin' around and jumpin' around
Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?"
She said, "B-I-G," then I'd bust in her E-Y-E




I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged
Then writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
Behold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme; play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin'
Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timbs on my feet makes my cipher complete
Whether cruisin' in a Six cab or Montero Jeep
I can't call it; the beats make me fallin' asleep
I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep




That summer... the summer '88 is the best...
But that's your nostalgia though
"Just for the nostalgia," you gotta say
That's my most nostalgic moment of hip-hop music ever
Right


I'll just sit right here and sing that good, old-school shit to you
I won't fool you, I won't make you be my own
Oh baby you know
All that lovemaking we did
Boy, it was so real, I wanna feel that again
Long lost friend from way back when
Eric B was president
Tell me where the melody went
And if you still care, say ''yeah, yeah, yeah''
Sing it like I used to do
This one is for me and you, oh


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby, you know
Make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


I'll just sit right here and sing that good old school shit to you
I won't fool you, I won't make you be my own
Oh baby you know, that love making we did
Boy, It was so real, I wanna feel that again
Loyal friends from way back then
Tell me can you vision us
36 Chambers high
Feels like were there, yeah yeah yeah
Remix of a fantasy, I hear em singing back to me like...


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby you know. make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


Nah, we dont wish todays game was old again
We just wish it wasnt full of Draconian, Babylonian, phony men
FOH my summation fascinates, we have debates
Whos the greatest living or passed away
I ask MC, see what she has to say
Eric B or Master P, some see it differently
87 meant to me? I try to describe it, you try to relive it
I try to revive it hoping that you get it, yeah
Something about La Di Da Di got inside our bodies
Something about My Adidas coming out the speakers
Used to do the Wop or the Pee-Wee Herman
Rest in peace Heavy D, Moneyearnin Mount Vernon
Lets go


La-di-da-di-da-di-da
That's how you do it
That's how to make it okay
And oh baby you know
Make love
Thats how you do it
Just like you did it back then
This is dedicated to you


Oh baby you know
This is dedicated to you
This is dedicated to you
This is dedicated to you




Give me the muthafuckin' cue, I'mma pop this shit
We desperate men, muthafucka, we need this muthafuckin' CREAM, muthafucka
Ain't nobody out here trynna give us shit, muthafucka
Fuck all that shit, fuck all you hoes, fuck all you
Hype ass muthafuckas, all y'all can suck my dick


When I rise, in the morning, I thank the God that I'm breathin'
Cuz all the population's risin', y'all muthafuckas be leavin'
And I don't wanna be, one of those, who be singin'
Shot up on your local newspage, then later on this evening
Some say they ready to die, nah, that ain't the fly guy
All I wanna do is make CREAM and just get high
Some wonder God is he gone, til his jewelry stop
But I can handle that shit, no way can I not rock block
I just let the section know that I do, to be respected and matured
I refuse to leave Bush, that's kinda home like the worm
And past my reflex, duck shit, I'm like sperm
My radio frequency, now go against the grain like Howard Stern
East to West, niggas need to clean it out their ears and
Now who rockin' Biggie, and fake Ice Cube's ??
In the hole, we need it get it again
On the mic, now Dino rap shit next year
From a not born, to a born don, rap armageddon
Is there a light at the end of the tunnel, or just a dead end
To get it back like a light packerback, move the way, and yo
Nigga roam, I pack the track


Yo I never underestimate a desperate man
Yo, get splattered in the paper like a desperate pen friend
Yo, sippin' on it, I peep the hooks to end
And if it's war, I'm goin' out like a sinful friend
Why don't you, get on the mic, a little my friend
Why don't you, get on the mic, a little my friend
Why don't you, get on the mic, like respect in my hand


Aiyo, the beef is on, y'all niggas brought the heat to my kitchen
So when poison switch in, snitchin', in my ear bitchin'
Knowin' damn right, you runnin' around like a clown
In and out of town, snatchin' niggas for G's and pounds
One of the first niggas tell me, I had a fluke
Now you come around, trynna sing to me, is that you know
I got a full clip, nigga you need to get off that bullshit
I stay strapped wit a gat, I'm Alert, ready to pull shit
Aiyo, aiyo, way back, like roosters ready to gat
Now the tendency, sippin' Hennessey, sellin' crack
For the avocado son, now you turned desperado
Know no Gravato, or Crystal out the bottle
Trynna swoop me out the game, but I'm in like Rado
Sweatin' like Pablo, while I'm pumpin' on diablos
Wanna get me, I'm takin' muthafuckas wit me, that's my motto




Big bad, insane, black child to blame
Pay attention to third, I serve words to the suburb
Neighborhood and projects, son, let's break these checks
Well not just yet, it's still bigger things to get to
Hit them before they hit you, believin' me, huh?
I grab the grease to the first, you get burnt when you touch it
Fuck it, like the dick bitch, learn how to suck it
I rock the master plan, I need to lay low in Amsterdam
Finer weed take your hand, to measures of a desperate man
I'm here to do ill things like Don King
Step into the ring, ginseng make me swing
Got me on the third on, no runnin' this year
But I can probably burn some, Japan, I don't make friends
Just associates, only shake hands when appropriate
Only the holy get, for comin' off of sendin' it
Stayin' sucker free, never sleepin' wit the enemy
Xzibit, I'm unexplainable like the trinity
Mountain, fourty ouncin', I'm announcin'
The end of war, bitch strained, the crew that can't fade, it's a..


Muthafucka, what, what, bitch ass niggas
We rollin' rock hard like a C.I.A., gun shot done and pay
I'm the water and the rain, only the ducks suffer green and lust
Get high on the yo-yae, third jaw, third wheel
A hundred dollar matrix, half naked, get half American
I love pussy, I get pussy, the water, I eat it, bitch, the wet supporter
Don't give a fuck about whatever I say
Muthafucka, I'm here, to gettin' money, get it on, til the break of the dawn
Muthafucka, Ason, roll up jay and nut, what, desperate man, muthafucka


And that's real, that's the real to real
My nigga puff weed on the wheels of steel
And that's real, that's the real to real
Muthafuckas better house to end of my appeal
Yea, I'm bout to fuck my kill
That's why I never understimate a desperate man
That's why I never understimate a desperate man
That's why I never understimate a desperate man
That's why I never understimate a desperate man




The way that momma raised us was pure faith
So diablo wouldn't faze us or daze us
Or lay us down to sleep
Know the wolf from the sheep
Or the sheep who cried wolf
And threw the deadly hoof
While the wolf was asleep
I keep my mind a ghost
Follow my heart the most
Don't play fools too close
Sleep with my eyes at post
So Diablo won't be hostin the game of life
The knife sits by throats of the young
And blows death straight through the lungs
As the mind gets washed by visions of sugar plums
But we shall overcome cause we ain't dumb
But we ain't smart, they got the girls by the hearts
And the niggas by the nuts
Ear, tongue and butts
Yeah, they're trying to fuck us up
But, shit, you know what's up
We gotta get with the movement
And move men soon
They consume every womb who bares
Beneath the stairs of their doom
Best believe they're gonna shove em in a tomb

Chorus: repeat 4X

Cause everytime I step to the microphone
I put my soul on 2 inch reels
That I don't even own


Early Saturday mornin I was cartoon gazin
Slowly broke into the kitchen
To fill a bowl with some Raisin Bran
As I ran up and down the TV stations
I witnessed Indian Joe
Getting tricked out of this nation
By a silly hillbilly
Who laughed as the shit happened
Everything's the same
The game continued into rappin
Deception is at an all-time high
You give a piece of your soul
To receive some crumbs from the pie
But you know I keep on rappin til the break of dawn
Even though it is my soul that I do not even own

Chorus: repeat 4X


I was po', black and broke
Beyond a shadow of a doubt
Ass-out, wide open waitin for my shit to come on out
Speakin about the time before I got signed
I was coolin behind Coolio in the County Line
My big brother used to say I was an asshole
Didn't graduate, couldn't handle the hassle
Of high school, why fool
Wit' foolish rules and guidelines
Fuck the cap and tassels
Said forget the trade and tried rhymes
Hooked up with J-Swift, got with 2-4-2
Me and my nigga L.A. Jay back at S.C.U
I grab the MIC one-time
Check it, 1-2, we in
Freakin' major flavors with my fellow Nubians
Takin shit to the next level
Too bad I sold my soul to the fuckin devil





So yo yo all I want to do is just tell them cats

On the real, keep your game high man, keep it up

Word up, never stop your goals man, yaknowhatI'msayin?

(For real baby)

And, yo son, on the real I'ma get a sneaker just like y'all



I need help Because the black man is God

The government is after me And the worst is, black man is the Devil

I need help So this is to bring everything in the

Someone help me please universe within the light

Someone help me! Understanding

They already did 2Pac My children, all six billion humans

Biggie Smalls on the planet Earth

Someone help me! Regardless of who or what, I love you

Someone help me please! Word is bond, I love you

Ahh! I'ma groupie for life, about nine wife

All the babies are mine, save a child life

No more doctors deliverin my babies

Stick in pins killing me slowly

To the President you say I'm a welfare fraud

You motherfucking right! Let's burn this dark house white!

Insecure about my ding-dong, married to Babylon

My queen lookin at me like a pawn!



Splash the worst rehearse a verse Flashdance on the universe

Televise the work Network Shop til your neck hurt

Whattup Dirt, nine diagram phoenix on your sweatshirt

Thirty-thousand went bezerk, it's like clockwork

Rockport Mr. Raw God, hold the fort

Collect thoughts, elect sports, sideswipe, by the white horse

French cut, gleamin in the Benz truck, whattup

Tellin my mens what? Ten times platinum and we ends up

Draped out, jumpin out a cake, now throw your tape out

Furniture style, holdin the mic we got it laid out

Mind iodine Einstein remind mine

People swam nine didn't know they own kind wrong time

Denim rap, competition quick, handle that

Suckin the jim hat, pervertin on my raps'll get you slidapped

Mix drink Cuban Link lizink, flip a to zinc

Plus, expensive like a roman mink, now think



An ugly thirty-six chamber degree, what, you want to rhyme?

Deep bring 600 ABC through the love white hate line

I'm telling you tornado, 42 billion thought travel

The year 90's parallel, controls to the wakes

I dig woman's stomach swell, my borough is dark

Many lights UFO kites, Benjamin Franklin got it right

Abraham I stuck your cherry tree

Your white head came out my black pussy

I ran Rip Van Winkle on all fours

Mountains twinkle twinkle star, Tarzan in a jar

And then came out Jane Flintstone in my gravel pit



Kill the chatterin, niggas bust shots, keep em scatterin

Blood splatterin, on point like a javelin

Fuck battlin, you cats is only good for babblin

Imaginin yourself, as the God space travellin

Round the seven rings of Saturn

Got my sword plus the Abbot in the chamber, nine in the clip

At the gatherin, we left you staggerin, yo it had to been

Hot Nickel, who broke bread, at the Vatican

Stick a pin, in a citizen, mental food, got us diggin in

My compliments to the chef

M-E-TH like amphatimens, yes stick it to the veteran

Blaow blaow! Blown to death, take your medicines

I put the sick in your mu-sick with Osirus

Bound to blow like a bad sinus



Stay up at night don't sleep on your morn

Rest in the day because it's sunlight

Reverse thought psychology



Child wild adventures walk trillions of square inches

Ten percentage try to drain me of my mental strengthage

Heavy wattage knowledge cleans blood clottage, and retardage

I refine the garbage logic exterminate your cottage



Thirty-six anger, dirty language is the stranger

The mangler, the honor roll singer righteous finger

When we shine-a, we always find a never minor major

Hard to spot we dangerous with our behavior



Australian Venezuelaen illegal aliens

Chameleons all catch the feelings we revealing

Killer bee keep your mind at ease, lay back like Adam fuckin Eve

Four thousand years in the garden, puffin trees



I aim slang I maintain, through the main vein

The answer came clever, when we do greatness through trial and error

Mile of terror motormouth, let the odor out

Fumin greater, the temper in my spine huminator

The super grass childish blast sleepy eye stash

The hashish masterpiece, Osirus is the virus

This split second splash, severe drop is near pop

There's fallin teardrops, now is it worth your career?




So yo yo all I want to do is just tell them cats
On the real, keep your game high man, keep it up
Word up, never stop your goals man, yaknowhatI'msayin?
(For real baby)
And, yo son, on the real I'ma get a sneaker just like y'all


I need help (Because the black man is God)
The government is after me (And the worst is, black man is the Devil)
I need help (So this is to bring everything in the)
Someone help me please (universe within the light)
Someone help me! (Understanding)
They already did 2Pac (My children, all six billion humans)
Biggie Smalls (on the planet Earth)
Someone help me! (Regardless of who or what, I love you)
Someone help me please! (Word is bond, I love you)

Ahh! I'mma groupie for life, about nine wife
All the babies are mine, save a child life
No more doctors deliverin my babies
Stick in pins killing me slowly
To the President you say I'm a welfare fraud
You motherfucking right! Let's burn this dark house white!
Insecure about my ding-dong, married to Babylon
My queen lookin at me like a pawn!


Splash the worst rehearse a verse Flashdance on the universe
Televise the work Network Shop till your neck hurt
What up Dirt? Nine diagram phoenix on your sweatshirt
Thirty-thousand went berserk, it's like clockwork
Rockport Mr. Raw God, hold the fort
Collect thoughts, elect sports, sideswipe, by the white horse
French cut, gleaming in the Benz truck, what up?
Telling my mens what? Ten times platinum and we ends up
Draped out, jumpin out a cake, now throw your tape out
Furniture style, holdin the mic we got it laid out
Mind iodine Einstein remind mine
People swam nine didn't know they own kind wrong time
Denim rap, competition quick, handle that
Sucking the jim hat, perverting on my raps'll get you slidapped
Mix drink Cuban Link lizink, flip a to zinc
Plus, expensive like a Roman mink, now think


An ugly thirty-six chamber degree, what, you wanna rhyme?
Deep bring 600 ABC through the love white hate line
I'm telling you tornado, 42 billion thought travel
The year 90's parallel, controls to the wakes
I dick womb and stomach swell, my borough is dark
Many lights UFO kites, Benjamin Franklin got it right
Abraham I stuck your cherry tree
Your white head came out my black pussy
I ran Rip Van Winkle on all fours
Mountains twinkle twinkle star, Tarzan in a jar
And then came out Jane Flintstone in my gravel pit


Kill the chatterin, niggas bust shots, keep em scatterin
Blood splatterin, on point like a javelin
Fuck battlin, you cats is only good for babblin
Imaginin yourself, as the God space travellin
Round the seven rings of Saturn
Got my sword plus the Abbot in the chamber, nine in the clip
At the gatherin, we left you staggerin, yo it had to been
Hot Nickel, who broke bread, at the Vatican
Stick a pin, in a citizen, mental food, got us diggin in
My compliments to the chef
M-E-TH like amphatimens, yes stick it to the veteran
Blaow blaow! Blown to death, take your medicines
I put the sick in your mu-sick with Osirus
Bound to blow like a bad sinus


Stay up at night don't sleep on your morn
Rest in the day because it's sunlight
Reverse thought psychology


Child wild adventures walk trillions of square inches
Ten percentage try to drain me of my mental strengthage
Heavy wattage knowledge cleans blood clottage, and retardage
I refine the garbage logic exterminate your cottage


Thirty-six anger, dirty language is the stranger
The mangler, the honor roll singer righteous finger
When we shine-a, we always find a never minor major
Hard to spot we dangerous with our behavior


Australian Venezuelan illegal aliens
Chameleons all catch the feelings we revealing
Killer bee keep your mind at ease, lay back like Adam fuckin Eve
Four thousand years in the garden, puffin trees


I aim slang I maintain, through the main vein
The answer came clever, when we do greatness through trial and error
Mile of terror motor mouth, let the odour out
Fuming greater, the temper in my spine huminator
The super grass childish blast sleepy eye stash
The hashish masterpiece, Osirus is the virus
This split second splash, severe drop is near pop
There's falling teardrops, now is it worth your career?




C'mon, fuck that shit

Yo bitches out there, a-throw your hands in the air
To my niggas out there (out there)
Throw your guns in the air (one two three)
Let me hear you go - Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go - Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
(Ahhhhh) Let me hear you go..
NO!

Never been branded, no dough shorthanded
This is why the Dirt Dog landed
And I expanded - from the help of the RZA
Shit that NUH commanded
I'm a project ho, LOVE project ho
Nigguh get BUST, at the front door
(I do) I don't don't don't, I don't don't
I don't got no love for the pro, the prostitute pro
The Brooklyn Zu know, I be like Old Joe
*pbbbbbbbbbbt* See me at the cocaine sto'
Coppin a.. eh ehh ehh.. and coppin mo'
See I'm a real nigga, give a bitch a car
Bitch want a Jeep, give a bitch a star
Bitch wanna sleep, number one..
.. umm, number one, I live in my momma house
Number one, I live in my momma house
This a Ol' Dirty Bastard production, let off SHOTS!
Be hot like I fart from a bitch's twat
I'm just a small boy, well known like Elroy
Well employed
Chest built up like steroids, electra master
Puppeteer motherfuckers
You can't control the black man's God!!!
Bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh, bluh, Bed-Stuy
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-Dirtiest place to be
You white Flintstone, bitch
You stickin your dick in my gravel pit
Journey to the center of the Earth
The white woman tryin to slide up in
I'm the Granddaddy Man from the Senegal clan
Got the bite of a pit, keep your afro simmerin
Nigga GUARD YOUR GROUND!
(GUARD YOUR GROUND!)

Ah-throw your hands in the air
To my niggas out there, throw ya guns in the air
Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go Dirt, Dirt Doooooooog!
(I feel you penetrating through my body)
Dirt, Dirt Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog!
Dirt, Doooooooog!
Let me hear you go..



(Oh baby I like it raw..
Yeah baby I like it RAW..)




Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie
Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie
Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie
Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie


Come on, baby, let me hear you jump
Come on, baby, let me see you stomp
Come on, baby, let your body go
Come on, baby, let it flow, flow, flow


The most amazing, rhyme blazing, smoke that purple haze and
I'm the Ol' Dirt McGazing
After the club, I'm straight up dazing
I fuck til my nuts shiver up like raisins
Everybody just, do my dance
While your girl, she feel my dick through her pants
I'm the Ol' rotten slang, that Wu-Tang mixture
Leave your head to bang, boom bang licked up
Watch the speaker kick up, bitch eat my dick up
Ass stick up, I'mma hit her quicker
Never find a nigga nasty as Dirty
Still fuck a bitch if her ass is dirty
Still sip the Hennessey if the glass is dirty
You ain't getting shit if your cash ain't dirty






Hit a ho, make her go crazy
Doctor, doctor, she having a baby
(Girl: oh, no, who could it be?)
Out is the son of the ODB
My name is Bar, I'm made like a Maybach car
(Girl: you crazy) What you say that for?
Bar slick with the gift of gab, I throw jabs
(Girl: tell the cop, boy, get your black butt in the lab)
Still got a slab of that welfare cheese
Still get features from government G's
Still looking for a big butt to squeeze
Ol' Dirt, are you gonna give Lil' Dirt a G?








Yo this O.D.B. and Slum Village
Detriot wild out! You know how we do


Girl, if you're flexible, intellectual
Bisexual, can I get next to you
If you're flexible than, we can keep it dirty and sexual
If your man front, than we gotta knock the nigga out
Smack the nigga up, stomp the nigga out, clap clap the nigga up


She got a man, but her man ain't me
I'm a, M-A-C, to P-I-M-P
I'mma, show her things, and spend a little cheese, baby
Cuz your man ain't doing the right thing lately
Yup, so I'm steppin in his house
If the nigga step up I'mma knock the nigga out
So I'm here with a beer and a glove
With some thugs and some chicks with some derry' ass
She got a man, it ain't fair, I don't care
I ain't scared with my dudes and I come prepared
Ladies, lemme see what you workin with
Make a nigga stay at home like a punishment
I'm trying, to think of us, think of we girl
Think about us, and some, and T3




Yeah, you know how Slum do, when we come through
Gum shoe, Air Force is a pair of Air Jordan's
Pelle Pel, are old school with gangsta white walls
Tailor suits, coordinatin' with the gator boots
Before you hate on what we do, it's a D thang
You flamin' at a Cappa/Rae offa Alize
Where the ladies at, pushin' back you Baby Phat
Make it clap like eight gats
Stayin' at the Infenium, just use the key
You got a man, but what your man gotta do with me
He don't want it, nah, he don't know the nigga
Roll with Dreadknaughtz, Cardi Boys, AML, Fat Killahz
Raw C, D12, but don't mind that
And we should hit the telly up, I got the Remy and the dime bag




Keep it dirty nuh


What, they don't wanna fuck with us
They don't wanna feel the pain and get bruised and touched
She was down with your team, now she roll with us
Brought he girlfriend with her and its all a plus
She wanna do what the players do, play how the players play
And she don't like how you treated her anyway


Yeah, you said you love, but is it really real
Would you break me off first, and let my nigga Phil hit you
Picture my Caddy truck, we sexin' in the backseat
Or in my room, you bucky naked in my black mink
Girl, it's either 'this or that', like it's Black Sheep
I know it's on, if you twistin' back my Pistons cap
Ignore the phone, if it's your man, let the machine get it
Matter fact, turn off the ringer, and let me lean in it






From Detroit all the way to New York, we comes down




Ya'll know how I get down..Ya know what I'm sayin'
(Dirty) Detroit (Dirty) What..Brooklyn..Zoo (Dirty) Yeah..What (Dirty)
Insane Clown Posse and O.D.B
(I got O.D.B and I got) platinum baby what
(I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin')


Yeah, There's a quarter and it's Dirty and Stinkin'
Funkier than Peppy Le'Pue so I was thinkin'
About (What) droppin' this single on the charts (Yeah)
Let'n you know hey the kid has heart
I never deny myself, it's when you dope
But in my last jam, slept on my notes
You thought that I was weak, Huh let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's feet
(Dirty) So listen hear mister don't you ever forget
The rhym'n Dirty, you couldn't even clean if you commit
Or even boring, some try ajax, only mess with the best, 48 tracks (Yo)
I get down with the ason sound
Lyrics that be flowin' from miles! around
So let the music shut yo' ass up
And throw the upper cut that will make you fall onto yo butt


I wanna get Dirty and I (Dirty) wanna get Stinky
And I (Stinky) ain't goin nowhere till I get
(Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin'
(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin')
I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P
And I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'
(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin')


(Dirty) Let me continue, verse number 2
Style is wild dirty stinky like doo doo
(Get Dirty) If you hangin' around
Hen change yo' mind, It is a bad influence, Yo it's my rhyme
I sit down and I say to myself
Self, Yo are you rated top joe
I drop a single for ya to get a dose of
As I lay back like a pillow on the sofa
You get paid (Yeah right) Bully, Fly
Askin B.G. wha wha wha wha you know me
(Dirty) Sweet as a hunny bee, taste like a 40
Tick you like oohhwee
Want to drink old english so I speak old english
Ya gotta be dirty and stinkin'
And if it's not, well I guess I'm not
The ASON in my butt , It's Dirty and It's Stinkin'


I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky
And I ain't goin nowhere till I
(Nowhere, Nowhere) get Dirty and Stinkin'
(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin')
I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I
(What) ain't goin' nowhere until I'm (Yeah Yeah)
Dirty and Stinkin'


O.Deezy. Beezy and I.C.Peezy
Together on this track forever


Sell me, I know my funk be kickin'
Turnin' heads like an 8 foot tropical mud chicken
They fear these juggalo flows
I'm (Dirty) dirty like Osama Bin Laden's toes
I got hatchet love, it decayed in the barn
Chicken chain saw hard
I'm making neighbors uncomfortable
(I wanna get Dirty and) and Take me home and it's late
Don't worry bout the ring in ya tub
It's the clown paint


I.C.P. and O.Dizzle wildin
Workin' like a fat chicks feet at Kings Island
A whole Source 9 mics, I don't care
I'm a 10 year vet 5 plaque rat millionaire (Yeah)


I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky
And I ain't goin nowhere till I get
(Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin' (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin')
I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P
And I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'

Oh Oh...Oh..Dirty..Oh...and Stinky....
(I) (I) (Stinky, Stinky)...(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin')

Oh
Damica (What I)
I.C.P
O.D.B

(Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty)




Yeah, this what happens when you dirty and thirsty at the same time


Yo, It goes one shot, two shot, three shot, four
That's how I'm soundin' when I'm shootin' down your door
Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight
That's for all them niggas, that I catch at the wait
Nine shot, ten shot, eleven shot, twelve
Them four shots, gonna keep me outta jail
I be, damned if I fail, BK know me well
And take your precint to war, before I take a fall
I'm good with them free throws, like I play ball
When the war is on, it's McGirt that you call
The last man standing, heavy with the cannon
Come through on a bike, with a bulletproof, prancin'
Leave you in your pearl, put you on the porch, dancin'
And leave your brains on the back of a white shirt
While they playin' some old school shit by Al and Bert
I'm not gonna stop til I'm under the dirt


If ya'll want war
Let's get it on
Cuz we don't care
Where ya'll from


One shot, two shot, three shot, four
I wear that gold chain that used to be yours
Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight
Shotgun shells give your face a new shape
Nine shot, ten shot eleven shot, twelve
That last fucking bullet I'ma save it for myself
Speed luger, weed smoking, walking with the pistola
Somebody gotta die for this shit to be over
Brownsville, pull your gold card membership
Rikers Island styling, just courted sentences
You been a bitch since your thing started showing
Glocks down in Moscow, did the jooks out in Poland
Leather trench, villain shit, gutter crime citizen
Show the something hand held with shells to kill you with
My heart's the realest thing to ever fill a clip




Yeah yeah, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Roc-A-Fella
Thirstin Howl III, Skillionare Enterprises
Melbeatz, Optic Records
This universal right here, all around the world
Ya know what I mean? This is breaking language barriers righ here
When you dirty and thirsty at the same time, somebody's gon get hurt





(Ol Dirty Bastard is doing a Martin Lawrence comedy skit from You So Crazy)
(this is going on in the background during the Intro and part
Of the first verse)

You know God damn well I don't smoke this shit Meth
*coughing* Know damn well I don't smoke this sheyit
Know damn well!
I remember when we used to go down to the creek
Member when we used to go down to the creek?
And used to dip your head in the water?
Everybody thought you had it in you, you know
You used to jump out the water
The water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy
What? I said the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy

Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard

Clean out my vocals
Yeah, I said YEAH
I said zuckazuhzuhzuh, zuckazuhzuh
*more nonsense noises*
Chkccha ckchcka Brooklyn, zucka Zoo
C'mon baby baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, c'mon!

Verse One:

Superlogical this, superlogical that
I detect a nigga dialect by the way he rap
I elect myself President MC
My career so intelligent, unique physique
Then with mathematics, not democratic
Static, topic, Asiatic
Zssshuh, them unique, never leak, brlaharl...
Bring it on back

Superlogical this, superlogical that
I detect your dialect by the way you rappp!
I elect myself President MC
My career so intelligent, unique physique
Doin mathematics and I'm not democratci
No static, topic, I'm Asiatic
See, I'm Unique, never... blarhalal...

Verse Two: Method Man, Ol Dirty Bastard

Crazy, lurkin in the shadows, I'm shady, sheisty
Get your weight up, don't take me lightly
Blasted, dirty to the grain I be stained with the madness
It's the Meth-Tical with the Bastard

MZA MZA my name is the Ol Dirty Bas
My gammmmme, to kick your ass
Dnnah duh dnnh dnnh duh duh!
Dnnah dnh duh duh duh dahhhhhh!

Flip and relax, take an Ex-Lax, I'm shittin
On the industry that was frontin now they missin
What everybody else is gettin
Cuz they wasn't representin the real...

...appeal, like me and, old time
When it comes to the microphone who killed the swine?
Be the original G
Do the rhymin on time and in the place to be

Interlude: Old Dirty Bastard, Method Man

You are now in my trance
You are getting sleeeeeepyyyyyy
You are now getting sleeeepyyyyy
And sleeeeppieeerrrrr
And sleepy, and sleepy

Verse Three: Method Man

This one here's for my people, my people
Enter the 36 chambers, the sequel
Part two, for me and the cipher troop
With the Teflon lyrics that you can't get through
With the twenty-two automatic rap you pack, what?
You ain't hittin with that wack shit you kickin
Straight from the beginning, of the game
All the way to the ninth inning, I bring the pain
Dark like the midnight train on the track by the RZA
Diesel like Arnold Schwarzanegger

Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard

The hardware, choose the hardware
Ask you a question, test the Ason
Extra extra, read the drama and thennn another one
Which you intrigue, do your rap fatigue in the...
Ohhhh....
Here I go, aauhhh
Yeahhh...
(shit that makes me high)




Two steps from the border line
Anything closer will kiss the nine
Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind
Cuz I stay on track, like transit line
Keep it nappy or braided up
Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up
Stop frontin' when you made it up
Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up
Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites
Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss
You know why niggas don't give you much respect
Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat
Know Dirt, like bow know death
When I'm huntin' down, birds of rap
Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat
And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that
Use a spoon, unless you want a fork
Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark
Stay high with the zombie walk
Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks


Dirty Dirty, you tell me how you do it
It look so easy, like there was nothin' to it
But they don't understand, about the Dirty M.C
It's the.... (Ohhhhhhhhhh), new track by ODB


They say dirt and sunshine make the flowers grow
I say, fuck a bitch raw and drive your nut on the floor
Call it what you want, you son of a ho
I was 5 percent til' white bitches came and dropped it down to four
3, 2, 1, I can lick the sun with my tongue
Pull it out and smack a nigga, just for thinkin' I'm done
Shut your trap, razor blade cut your wrap
Fat girls seen me comin', started tuckin' their flab
Rhymefest and Dirt Dog, gon' spark this
The day he got to heaven, track mud on the carpets
Hot like the hot potato, you niggas ain't macho
You hot as gazpacho
Go to the show, for hot dogs and nacho's
This me and Dirt Dog's style, it's not yours




What can make a ho, look more cuter
Hennessey shots, or smoke more Buddha?


I don't know Dirt, now she look like Zab Judah
Test my manhood, go get my dick ruler


Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her
But you better first track for a noter
Like does she have a best friend, or a daughter
Has she ever tried fuckin' under water


Down down with the fishes, deep sea dishes
I ain't a genie, bitch, I don't respect your wishes
This trick ain't fuckin' me though, god damn
Something very wrong, I don't understand


Misinterpetate, let me break it down
Two pulls make the your merry go round
Touch your toes, show me that rose
Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose
Wide open, girl, everything goes
Real freaky, when you powder that nose


Keep it and move, I sleep in the nude
I'm keepin' it rude, pull out my dick and pee in the food
On the way to the stars, don, where's the map?
We fuckin' there, and we gonna fuck back




Yeah, Dirt Dog, Rhymefest, you want it, man
Rest in peace, I know you heaven right now
Trackin' mud on the carpet, so, we gon' let ya
Do what you do it's the ohhhhhhh
Don't forget the crew, it's the Wuuuuuu
I thought you knew, it's the Ol' Dirt Dog
Rhymefest, yeah yeah, from now to 3000, man
What's rap with Dirty? What's the world without Dirt?
Just a bunch of fuckin' water, ohhhhhhhhh
We out....




"It's the Ol' Dirty Bastard" - scratched up throughout
Hold on, muthfuckas, ya'll know Dirty?


It's the Ol' Dirty Bast'
Cut ya face, with a piece of old dirty glass
Bitch, shake ya dirty ass
Run up in your stash house, on a dirty mat
It's the Dirt McGirt, a/k/a Osirus
Spread my bullets around like a virus
Nigga, from the Wu-Camp, nigga
Slap ya face with a wet food stamp, nigga
I'mma make the world, do my dance
Try to lock me down, but I'm back in my stance
Wave my gun around, like it's part of my hand
Bout to take this game, like, 'pardon me, man'
Dirt McGirt, I'm a family man
But I still hold tools like a handyman
Say my name three times like Candyman
It's the what, what, what...


Cuz we can do it like this
(Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt)
Cuz we can do it like this
(Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt
Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt)
Cuz we can do it like this


Who get drunker than, N.O.R.E., on a Sunday
And on the way to Sunday school, intoxicated
See ah, lord forgive me, I'm a ex-coke flipper
And skipped on that good ol' bitch, she got a strip of these
Niggas is bitch-made, I got a switchblade
And I pack guns, shootin' niggas since the sixth grade
Mac Milli, Millitainment, it's La Familia, now
Guess it's niggas all in your rap, ain't gotta kill you now
Nore never slack off, I smoke a pack soft
And I run deep in this bitch, and let that mack off
Bing, Nore got a whole lotta bitches
Out of character, and eating out a whole lotta dishes
In my lifetime, sippin' on white wine, caveza
Nore ran twiz, get a whole lotta head
Ching, simple like uno, dos, tres, ah'
And I leave the crib, and grab the tech, cuz I'm the drastic




Oh shit! Oh shit!
Ya'll remember when me and Mariah
I'm back with the kid, spit fire
Dirt McGirt, I break up the earth
My ice is white and blue, like Papa Smurf
Stash niggas like crack, throw them under the earth
Then past the dirt pound, and ask 'em "do it hurt, now?"
Ya'll gonna make me back the truck
To the Dash, O.D.B., that's what's up




Cuz we can do it like this



Https://soundcloud.com/bronloc/how-i-came-up-mix-mp3




Expect the unexpected, motherfucker, let's go, come on
Yeah, M-E-F, hahahaha, special guest
(Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck)
Hahahaha.. yeah..


Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach
You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit
One verse, and leave in a new Benz-er
Take a trip down south and put some hoes to work, you hear me
Dirt McGirt, you niggas gon' respect it
I'm drunk and crunk so don't come in my direction
I'm ready to thump, and get the whole crew arrested
Bail 'em out, and laugh about it in Texas, yo
And get with Rome, down in Caki-Lac
And hit the spot, in the hood where the happenings at
Where the shootin' and the fightings and the stabbings at
Where the Lincolns and the Chevys and the Cadi's at, shit
Them down south niggas been loved Dirt
Take a shot to the head, if you been through the worse
Show respect to your niggas, who been doin' it first
And be comin' with that shit, I'm just doin' the worse


Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach
You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit
(Yo, you don't wanna ride with Meth, you still sniffing coke
Even if you tried your best, yo, I can spit)


Yeah, damn, I'm just like Dirt in the booth
I'm the truth, I don't need to go to church in a suit
Each verse is the proof, I drink a 100 Proof
Cop searching the coup, I got some herb in my boot
When Wu is coming through, the outcome: critical
Fucking with this style, the outcome: get physical
Meth get lyrical, and y'all can get my genitals
Don't forget them aid essentials, vitamins & minerals
Heh, ya'meen, I'm taking one for the team
Like Martin Luther King, taking one for a dream
I'm dope, to many fiends, live by many means
If you don't stand for nothing, you'll fall for anything
That's real shit, let's get this money real quick
Dirt Dog, I'm feeling this, but I'd rather feel rich
I mean filthy rich, I'm corporate now
Big Meth, the label's Def, that's why I talk so loud, nigga




Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck...




Hold on tight and don't let go
Baby, I'm about to explode...


It's Dirty Run, when you see me coming high
Nine times out of ten, don't wonder how
It's Dirty Run, it's Dirty Run, no more vacancies
I'm a minute from feeling no sympathy
When you see me coming high
It's nine times out of ten, you will wonder how
It's Dirty Run, it's Dirty Run -- "Run" --
I'm a minute from feeling no sympathy


Bitches be actin' like they so damn fine
That's why I fuck 'em at the drop of a dime
Needle dick niggas, go fuck a needle
Before I squash a John Lennon, like a Beetle
Dirt McGirt, Mr. McGirt to the hoes
Stinkin' rich, cover your mouth and your nose
Man of my codes, it's old man, dig it?
Sometimes rockin' went, and Dirty might kick it
Damn, your takers, that's the type to flight
To get any more suck, how niggas dick through a flint
Big pimp, watch the fur drag
A hundred lick, hundred lick, hundred lick fabulous
Bring it like a bus full of travelers
Turn it up so the cops will get mad at us
Swear to God, we're the trouble, you imagine us
Cuz the news only exploit the bad in us
When, turn it down a little
Cuz the ground is startin' to crack a little




Diamond, baby, name the time and place
When your legs get tired, you can sit on my face
And touch me, tease me, feel me, caress me
Hold on tight and don't let go, baby I'm about to explode..
Take that bitch for bite, my name Dirt Dog not cake with ice, bitch
Fuck bitin', when there's so much pussy
If you ain't into ass, then pimp 'em for the cash
Come quick, turn the camera on
So whose that rippin' off your mama's thong?
Dirty, creep out your back door, nigga
With my shoes untied, zippin' up my zipper






"I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"The rap assasinator" - Raekwon
"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man


This recordin is dirty and it's stinkin
Funkier than Peppi Le Pew so I was thinkin, about
Droppin this single on the charts, lettin ya know
Hey, the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being
Dope, but in my last jam, niggas slept on my notes
You thought that I was weak? Huh? Let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet
So listen mister, don't you ever forget
The rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it
With Comet, for even Wolrex, some tried Ajax
Only mix with the best, forty-eight tracks
Yo, I get down with the Ason sounds
Lyrics that be flowin from miles around
So let the music shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut
Now I make ya fall to ya butt


"Watch out for..." - Prodigy
"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"The O.D.B.!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Watch out for..." - Prodigy
"The rap assassinator" - Raekwon
"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man
"I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Watch out for..." - Prodigy
"The rap assassinator" - Raekwon
"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man


Yo, let me continue, verse number two
Style is wild, dirty and stinkin like doo-doo
If ya hangin around, ya changed ya mind
It is a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme
I sit down and I say to myself, "Self
Yo, are you rated top the shelf?"
I drop the single for you to get a dose of
As I lay back like a pillow on a sofa
Gettin paid? Yeah right, Willy
Why askin me, G? What? What? What? What? You know me
My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee
Taste like a forty, stinkin like Old-E
But I drink Ol' English so I speak Ol' English
You gotta be dirty and stinkish
And if it's not, well I guess I'm not
The A-S-O-N my friends, it's dirty and it's stinkin'




I'm not a statuatory raper
I'm _naughty_, but girl that ain't my _nature_
Johnny Cash all about this paper
You playin' wit the big boys now, we rated r
This no place for a child, 17, not allowed
Without a parent and it's apparent that you belong
Wit a full grown man wit a mind just as strong
Huh, so here's ya chance to advance
Get in ya stance and we gon' set up it off like true romance
And that's my word


"I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
"The rap assassinator" - Raekwon
"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man








Ladies and gentlemen introducing Cab Calloway
Featuring the Dirt Dog
First things first man you're fuckin with the worst
I'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack
The heat is on, I'm about to blow up the spot
All I wanna see is fire cause I'm makin shit hot
Like the blow between Glocks, mad niggas I shot
Give a fuck on a cop, conversate with a lock
Down at the chop-chop, 600th and Rock
Crazy as a fox tryin to rob Fort Knox
The DeNiro-Al Pachino war
Tryin to score mad dough like a million or more
For the illegal war that's all I saw
It's all about that knot in ya
I'm alone, I roll with 6 niggas with stones
Every hour tap my phone with embezzlement stones
Get a loan from the stocks because of my pops
Fifty bills in the pocks, Wu-Gambino got props


But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale
Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi (Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi)
Hoooooooooooooooooooooo (Hoooooooooooooooooooooo)
He-de-he-de-he-de-he (He-de-he-de-he-de-he)
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy (Heeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy)


Elevator scheme with the scheme to catch CREAM
Some diamond rings, jewels all types of priceless things
Just in case you don't make it to the safe
Don't talk to Jakes or your whole shit be laced
Got a bomb bout ready to blow up shit
The White House nuh be quiet as a mouse
My job is hundred proof, better know the scoop
Got niggas undergrounds, in your walls, in your roofs
About made zoo, 6-6-6-6-2
Cause I'm goin all out with the supplies of Balu
I'm unstoppable, my six man team is unstoppable
Stickin my middle fuckin finger at you
Livin in America's fuckin fucked up
When I was young some say I had no sense
I rhymed all day until my throat got tense
And bought em by the cage from my lungs to my knees
In the winter I cough, all summer I sneeze
Ah-choo! Then I was sore, there was only one cure
Original rhymes wholesome in thought
Democratics are debatin wanna be the imitatin
But the knowledge that I'm givin positively stimulatin
I acknowledge any MC in a South Bronx town
South Proof Projects, did they really go down
Shit, I remember when I was 12 years old
I didn't know about frontin or playin a role
I thought I was slick, I fell harder than bricks
With my best lyrics and my uptown ticks
Prince start jackin in my baseball cap
I'm tellin many chit-chats step off my jockstrap
Approach this party other known as a jam
Lookin for my cousin Bam-Bam Sleepingham
From front to back the jam was packed
Over there some dance, over there I just macked
I looked around then I started to walk
Heard an older woman's voice and a silly slang talk
The kid was nice for payin the price
And give weak MCs beneficial advice
Yes, beneficial meaning good for more
Frontin cause with the mamas would have loved to explore
Studied MC and changed lyrics around
Before I became a member of the lost and sound
My words I strung, I bettered my voice
Rollin over people known to be top choice
Ch-ch - BLAOW BLAOW BLAOW
Hoodlum

Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi (Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi)
Ho-de-ho-de-ho-de-ho (Ho-de-ho-de-ho-de-ho)
He-de-he-de-hee-de-heeee (He-de-he-de-hee-de-heeee)
Hooooohhhoooooooooooooooooooooooo (Hooooohhhoooooooooooooooooooooooo




Bitch you knew I was a dog when you met me
How you gonna get mad at me now?
Cause I got bitches.. everywhere
Bitch I'm a player, y'know
(Y'know, killa, y'know'I'msayin'
I said shit, I said, that's dat monster dog shit, y'know'I'msayin'
This is all dedicated to all you hoes)
And bitches


Shame on a nuh, who tried to step TUH
The Ol' Dirty Bas, put my foot up your UHH
Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight (beitch)
It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight
Hoeeeeee! (bitch fucky) Stinkin ass ho!
You're the type of bitch don't appreciate shit
Never had shit, so you won't be shit
That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair
On my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me doooooown (beitch)
And Doo Doo Brown! (beitch) Hehahahaha
Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Here comes Rover, sniffin' at your ass
Pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass
That means ho, you been shit-ted on!
I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn


Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out


Right behind my pitbull, full grown
That wanna make the cat moan all night long
Puppy don't take me wrong, but it's on
Be monkeys up, so call me king kong
Get gone with the thong, crew comin' through
Big Syke daddy with the Brooklyn Zu
You know what to do, freaky sucky sucky
Won't you show the crew how you play wit' the monkey
Let him see you don't fake it, and you can take it
It's only the bigger bone, gotta make it
Baby shake it in the worst way, OK
Up in you in the parle
My forte is a freakyness, look at this
I don't kiss anythin' that I don't miss, runnin' sense
To get licked from the nuts to the crack of my butt
I'm a dog, so what, but you still give it up, Wu/woof


Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dog out
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dogged alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out


Beitch, this is what I tell these hoes
Don't sweat it baby, you'll never be my lady
Take this bone, straight to the dome
And get on (get on), cause I don't wanna talk
Shut the fuck up if you done wanna walk
We on the same page? I thought so
You know them big dogs hit you wit' their paw ho
Big pimp (pimpin') jump the fence
Hoppin' all night it don't make no sense (na na)
From New York to Cali', whylin' (wild)
I got the bitch in the alley howlin' (beitch)
And she don't wanna go nowhere
She got love for a player she don't know no better
That's why I tell her (tell her)
I'd be wid you forever if I could find time to put you
In my schedule (beitch)
Beitch, $hort Dog in the house


Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out


She flew in like calm breeze
Tall brown skin, her weave like palm trees
I went coconuts
Dipped my dunkin' between your Donut
Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch!
Fathership touch ground, like fly on soup
Don't invite me I tear the fuck down
White boys cut my toupee!
Seventh day raster, or scream play
I slump MC slay, it ain't nuttin' to bust ass
Bullet him, get him fast
Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash
The dog piss on MC's like trees
Got meals but still grill that old good welfare cheese


Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard, of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out



(Dogs barking)

All you bitches put your naps together
And all you niggas put your dicks together


Bitch hooooo
(Yeah haw heh)
Day hayyyy
(Eh hey ay hey)
De haaaaa
(Ewww hawr harr)
Haa-aa-aa-aa-aaa
(Eh haw he huu)


She blew in like calm breeze
Tall brown skin her, weave like palm trees
I went coconuts, dip my Dunkin' between your Donut
Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch
Fathership touch ground like fly on soup
Don't invite me I tear the fuck down
White boys cut my toupee
Seventh day rester, or screenplay
I slump MC slay, it ain't nothin' to bust ass
Bullet him, get him fast
Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash
The dog piss on MCs like trees
Got meals but still grill that old good welfare cheese


Hooooooo
Yeah haaaay
(Dedicated to all you bitch ass niggas)
De haaaaa
(And you bitch ass niggarettes)
Bitch hooooo
(Motherfuckers!)


Let that bitch know


Shame on a nuh, who tried to step tuh
The Ol' Dirty Bas, put my foot up your uhh
Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight
It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight
Hoooooo


Stankin' ass hoes


You're the type of bitch don't appreciate shit
Never had shit, so you won't be shit
That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair
On my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me down
(slobbering noises) Doo Doo Brown!
Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Here comes Rover, sniffin' at your ass
But pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass
That means ho, you been shitted on
I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn


Hoooooo yeah heeeey e haaaaa
Hoooooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-oooHoooooo yeah heeeey(Wayeah hey hey)
This is dedicated to all y'all bitches
(eeeeeeeeeeeee)
De haaaaaaah
Hoooooo yeah heeeey ne haaaaa
Aaaaa-aa-aa-aa-aaa


Fuck y'all


Fuck is y'all niggas, Soul II Soul?
Y'all look like some nasty backup dancers for En Vogue
Lil' nasty R&B niggas
Yo, you look like, you look like you was break dancin' in alure' video, spinnin' on his lips

What's up wit' bookworm? What's up wit' bookworm?

Nigga, what's up wit' your Speak and Spell shoes?
Fisher Price My First TimberlandsThis shits is old, nigga
You gotta get some Chukkas, fucka
Nigga got on a Lamont Sanford dress shirt
"Whaddaya want, ya big dummy?"

As for me, nigga?


And as for you, you DJ Kat Show shirt wearin' ass nigga
Your shirt look like a dish rag
Nigga, your shirt look like a curtain



Don't go breaking my heart
I couldn't if i tried
Honey if i get restless
Baby you're not that kind

Don't go breaking my heart
You take the weight off me
Honey when you knock on my door
I gave you my key

Nobody knows it
When i was down
I was your clown
Nobody knows it
Right from the start
I gave you my heart
I gave you my heart

So don't go breaking my heart
I won't go breaking your heart
Don't go breaking my heart

And nobody told us
'cause nobody showed us
And now it's up to us babe
I think we can make it

So don't misunderstand me
You put the light in my life
You put the sparks to the flame
I've got your heart in my sights




Yo, this is Damon Elliott, we got a lotta shit
Dame Dash, put me on game, baby
Purplelicious style, Macy Gray, Ol' Dirty Bastard
Who the fuck thought it would hit like this? (what? what?)
Where's my J, baby, where's my J? (Ohhhhhhhh, yeah)


Don't go breaking my heart
(I won't be breaking your heart) You better not
They're gonna tear us apart, now, baby
(Don't wanna tear us apart) They better not


I'll die for you, do time for you
Kill for you, that nigga was never good to you
Now that I'm out, what, you gonna do?
Let's get Hot Dogs on a Stick, now (Hot Dogs on a Stick)
Three drinks of lemon, fresh trip
Over the back of the backlands, king size bed
Filth all clean, let's do the do
All listening to Dionne Warrick singing "Deja Vu"
This is a dream that I was new




Macy, and O.D.B., too hot for the chief, F.U.C.K.I.N.G
That's what I'm gonna do with you baby (what's that spell?)
Let's go to the park, after dark
Ride some bitches, stab a bitch nigga
And get on your knees, leave behind you, atomic doggies
Then go to the movies, I don't care which movie
I just wanna get some popcorn, make it salty


Do you want some licorice, do you want some candy?
I wanna drink something outta you, while you sip some Ginger Ale
Hey, hey




Haha (yo, these for all the lovers out there) shut up
(Sh-shut up?) Shut the fu....


Ooooh-hooo, nobody knows it, nobody knows
That when I was down (I was your clown)
Ooooh-hooo, nobody knows it, nobody knows
The life on the side (I gave you my heart)



Don't go, go breaking my heart
Don't go... breaking it...
(I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it
They're gonna tear us apart, now, baby
(Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it
Don't go... breaking it... don't go... breaking it...
(I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it
Don't go... breaking it... don't go... breaking it...
(Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it


Oooh, oooh (I won't be breaking your heart)
There's nobody faster, don't go breaking it
(Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it
Hot Dog on a Stick, ooah-ooah, hahaha
(I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it




Yo, stepping fresh out the clean, through the fog
I be that Ol' stinkin' Dirt McGirt dog, with a hurtin' for ya
That nigga liftin' ya skirt, learned it in the dark
Hurtin' bitches feelings on purpose, I'm a dog
Biting, no -- I don't bite, see
I just like to nibble on ya nipple, a little
It's not a riddle, or game, with dope
I just wanna stroke or poke, you in the right place
As if your pussy got a nice face
You need to stop fucking with lightweights
See my Roc chain is heavy, cock game, is ready
To shoot, oh bitch, go get cute
Cuz you can easily get treated like a prostitute
Please believe me, I like it raw, because I'm so freaky
Dirty, but a nigga still shining when you see me
You know that nigga, A, Son
Never been tooken out, Dame, good looking out
Hoes holla!


I'mma keep it real, don't hurt me
A nigga like me, love the ill punani, cuz I'm dirty
Please don't flirt with the Dirt McGirt
When I'm done, liftin' ya skirt, then this mic get hurt, u know
(Don't hurt me, Dirty) 
(I promise, I won't you, Dirty) 
(Don't hurt me, again)  (Don't, don't, don't hurt me again)


Aiyo, my album gets crazy, but I'm still on the low
Your style is flashy, and you don't got no hoes
Don't front, I spit classics, you know how it go
On my leisure, Lisa give me so much throat
Well I need ya, bitch, betta have my dough
And Indonesia, in the Dutch, already rolled
Don't let 'em fool ya, tell you, Ol' Dirty's a joke
Somebody school her, tell her Ol' Dirty's a pro
First it's marriage.... then it's babies....
You know, Dirt love the babies.... (aiyo, bounce with me now)
It's game time, baby, ball with me now, I'm in your court, now
In your grand marquee, on tour with me now
With the Benz, laid back, in the hood with me now
Momma said she wanna go with me, cuz I make her feel good
When she go away with me, Ol' Dirty, nigga!




(Don't hurt me, again, don't, don't, don't hurt me again)
Yeah, I'm back, what you thought?
(Don't hurt me, again, don't, don't, don't hurt me again)
Shake ya ass to this!




You listening to a Chops production
And MB's the click, ODB, Dirt McGirt, tell 'em


Yeah, roof is on fire, bitch, put it out
Out of control, flames spinnin' out
When you get real deep, dig it out
When you rollin' up the L, pig it out
Pop the cork, respect, pour it out
White Horse in the house, roll it out
If it's goods on the wood, throw 'em out
I'll be there, pop, you can dig it out


Dirt Dog, want the red rug, roll it out
You saw the grip, and I ain't ashamed to pull it out
My fault, cuz you said you gonna bring it out
And you know it ain't comin', til I'm singin' out
Oh, don't stop ma, got my legs shakin' here, don't stop ma
You'se a real freak girl, gotta give you props
Cuz I feel the bam bam when my bed rock


Rollin' on your stair, bitch, pick her out
Out of control, and can't slut her out
Big girls, you can get it, no doubt
You jumpin' off, with the pretty little mouth
Don't expect to trip down south
Uh-uh, and relay in my baby mama house
Let's fuck, girl, time's running out
Mama be home at five, on the dot




Fuckin' up my party, bitch, throw 'em out
Out of control, my name, wide 'em out
Fill the arenas, the Roc, sell 'em out
Get mad shit on the curb, and pout
When I left the Billboards, what drought
Serious thought, for those who wanna doubt
Move with felony niggas, that just came out
And thunders that be spittin' in heavy, like four pounds






Girl 1: Oh cutie got it goin' ON!
Girl 2: Cute? What? That dirty motherfucker?
Girl 1: You buggin'!
Girl 2: Ain't no buggin', he's some ugly motherfucker
Girl 1: You buggin', yo -- look at his disposition, shorty gotta stride!
Girl 2: What stride? Bummy motherfucker, he ain't shit
Girl 1: See, that's my flavor, rough, you don't know nothin' about that
Girl 2: You got mad sour flavor on girl, cuz that ain't shit at all...
Girl 1: I'm -- yo G, I don't think he really realize. Look at him!
Girl 2: Look at what? Dirty motherfucker, he ain't shit
Girl 1: Hahaha, you don't see what I see, B
Girl 2: I don't see nothing. You wear glasses so...
Girl 1: Hahaha, True, true. Just look at him, personally-
ODB: (I like that mothafucka!)
Girl 1: Just look at him...Homie's just dispositioned...


Approach the school nine thirty, you're late
The time happy the solution was my date
Get in your class, walk to your chair
Pop is all you see and then occasionally stare
At the teacher, or students who were clockin' you
Lean back at this girl who kept clockin' you
Stimulated from a sensimilla blunt
Tell the young girl "Baby, you're the one I want."
She doesn't respond, pretends to ignore
So you say to yourself, it be her cold and sore mentally
Visualize the aim on the board
As how to buy pussy you cannot afford
This girl who, was slim and trim
Whispered in her friends ear quietly I want HIM!'
I took out my books to write the notes for my class, but I
Kept fantasizing my dick in that ass
So I turned around to arrange a date
Swinging episode, baby number one's gotta say it
She popped a gum, cold twist to come
I said "Baby, how you feel?", She said "chill"
Then I said "chill", I just found my thrill
Wear it in the classroom, know I'm Blueberry Hill
Cause what I said just bottled her hate
She put her face on the chest, this is what the bitch said:
"Because of you I ain't hurting, but within my within my heart
Cause no, I'm not right to be flirtin, but our relationship has to start
You're the one that I'm clocking, time for you could stop mockin'
Don't want you to see me cry, this is why, this is why, this is why!"


I met a girl named Chandra, from way down yonder
The apple of my eye had a Snapple and some fries
Forgot the ketchup, that's when I pressed up
"I've been watching you mowing your lawn"
The thoughts were flowin', while I'm holding her palm
"Hey what's that on your menu?", from there we continued
And talk about this and that we chit and chat
Sipped on the Coke then I stroked her back
As she giggled and I wiggled to the bra
She said "nah!", that's when I noticed her Pa
Big Tank, who did nothing but the spank
At parties, drink Bacardi and didn't think
Just act silly, with his brother Willy
Another hillbilly gettin' ill with the Philly
And moonshine, but it's a new time of day
On the stoop doing the Patty Duke
OK, it's like that old flip flaps through the shower caps
The platform shoes to Apple Jacks
Chub chub!!


Yo, you niggas, niggas be actin like
They be lovin' them, them them fancy bitches
I, I likes me a nasty bitch
Bitch that's willing to do anything at any given time
Bitch gotta be nasty cuz I'm a nasty nigga
I do anything baby, I wouldn't give a fuck what it was
I'll, ah, anything - I'm a nasty motherfucker girl


I'm just sittin' right, in my class at a quarter to ten right?
Waiting patiently for the class to begin right?, teacher says
"Open up your texts and read the first paragraph on oral sex!"
I said "Oral sex!, what kind of class is this?!"
The girl next to me said "what's wrong with you miss?
This is a lesson that makes you feel fine
Kinda ease your nerves and relax your mind!"
I said "Don't try to use no hypnotic spell!"
She said "Be my assistant, I'd sure rather tell!"
My knees buckled heart started to drop
My dick grew to a size that my nerves couldn't stop
I tried to run! She yelled out "freeze!"
Pulled down my draws, dropped to her knees
Ripped off my draws as if she had claws
Broke the rules that defined sex laws
She responded quick, with a slick, welcoming kiss and a ice cream lick
Oh, I begged, I begged, "Easy on my balls, they're fragile as eggs."
Part 2 coming up...



Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shit Stain

Yo, turn the-- drop the, drop the drums
Yeah, drop the drums
(I know all the time) Step up to the mic boo
(It be hard to use a Trojan) Yeah, let me hear you
(Cause your shit can't breath...)

(Sex is something that everybody needs) I know all the time fellas
It's hard to use a Trojan
(Everybody wants, everybody loves)      Cause your shit can't breathe
It's all closed in
(Sex is something that everybody needs) Put the beat on, put the beat on
(Everybody wants, everybody loves)

Chorus: Shorty Shit Stain

Sex is something that everybody needs
Everybody wants, everybody loves

(repeat 2X) - If you want it baby
If you want it babe
Better use a Trojan!

Verse One:

I know all the time fellas, be hard to use a Trojan
Cause your shit can't breathe, it feels all closed in
You wanna slip itoff, ohh baby I like it raw
But why i wanna hurt myself for?
I was walking down my block, say my block Munroe
Said peace to this girl, girl said hello
Well hell is low, and the lowest you can go
Is thirty-two degrees, below zero
So I started to rain on this young bitch brain
Causin her a great relief of physical pain
She said, "Tit for tat, step off da bra strap
No diamonds, no gold, I can never get a rap."
I said, "So what?", as I grabbed herbutt
Bitch smiled for a while but her  mouth kept shut
Bitch eighteen years old, just birthed a child
Young in the brain though her thoughts are wild
On welfare, but she don't care
She says, "FTF is always there."
FTF means face-to-face
Main, headquarters of your local place
Where, you collect your monthly pay
To support bad habits youse abuse everyday
There hasnever been a girl in my entire life
My girl, my next, ex or my wife
And never been one who tried to disrespect
I'm speakin bout the member of the opposite sex!
There's somethin that I gotta let out
But I don't want to be known as Ralph the Blabbermouth
Quiet as kept, she thought I was soft
But all I wanted to do, is knock her boots off
Just from obtaining the common sense
You can tell that the girl seemin rather quite dense
Other than dense she played slightly bold
But from the statement I made she could not uphold herself
She broke down, and she started to cry she said
"Oh!  I don't believe this guy!"
What what you gonna do?
May I diss her?  Yes you may
That girl's a slut, with a hole in her butt
Who used to be a meaty-bone puppy child little mutt
Came to my house smellin like trout
I said, "Doggie doggie doggie, get out!!"
She did my dick, I mean she bit bad vicious
Dirt Megirt, deep dark and delicious
She's a doo-doo BUH
Alcoholic NUH
And her ass is tighter
Than a pair of vice GRIPS
Speaking of a TUH
I won't kiss, because they don't give milk
Them shit, kick, see uh
Let me tell you about the rash from the neck
It's enough to put the ring around the collar in check
She's nothin but a BUH
Otherknown as a WUH
With an irritating ITCH
From trying to SWITCH
Strung out ass, foggin up glass
Tell all the NUH that the pussy first class
Smoke a bag of hash with the money she stash
But she had to play the corner just to make that cash
Pulled down her panties and scratched that rash
Then rubbed it with that a pimp had slashed
Tryied to get saved at the Tabernacle Prayer
But the only thing holy was her shitty underwear
I will change a style, always I will fix
But you can not teach an old bag...

Outro:

Yo I ain't got to say no more Son
Yo word to God man
Only thing I'm saying man, is use a Trojan
KnowhatI'Msayin?  Fore real man
Cause it's on man
YouknowhatI'msayin?  I had to learn that...



"Oh cutie, got it goin' on"
"Cute, what, that dirty motherfucker"
"You buggin'"
"Ain't no buggin', he's some ugly motherfucker"
"You buggin', no, look at his disposition, shorty gotta stride"
"What stride, ugly motherfucker, he ain't shit"
"See, that's my plate, brother may kill me like that"
"You got mad sour flavor on shorty, 'cuz that ain't shit at all"
"I'm, yo, G, I don't think you really realizes it, look at him"
"Look at what, dirty motherfucker, he ain't shit"
"You don't see what I see, B"
"I don't see nothin', you ain't blind, sisso"
"True, true, personally, just look at him, homies at his disposition"
Approach the school nine thirty, you're late, this time happy
The solution was my date, get in your class, walk to your chair
Pop is all you see and then occasionally stare at the teacher
More, tune in to we're clockin' ya, lean back at this girl kept clockin'
Ya' hood simulated from a 'Sensimilia' blonde, tell the young girl
Baby, you're the one I want, she doesn't respond, pretends to ignore
So you say to yourself, it be her old and sore mentally pitchin' lies
The aim on the board as hot and wild pussy you cannot afford this
Ooh, what slim and trim was my inner friend, dear, quietly I want him
To know my boots, to rap out loose in my class, but I kept sayin'
The size of my dick and that ass, so I turned around to arrange a date
Swingin' episode, baby, number one's gotta say it, she popped a gum
Cold twist to come, I said, baby, how you feel? She said, sure
Then I said, sure, I just found my thrill wear it in the classroom
Know I'm Blueberry Hill, 'cause what I said just bottled her hate
She put her face on the chest, this is what the bitch said
"Because of you I ain't hurtin' but then my, within my heart
'Cause no, I'm not right to be flirtin, but our relationship has to start
You're the one that I'm clockin', stop or you could stop mockin'
Don't want you to see me cry, this is why, this is why, this is why"
I met a girl named Chandra, from way down yonder
'The apple of my eye' had a Snapple and some fries, forgot the catch's Up, thats when I pressed up, "I've been watching you mowin' your lawn"
The thoughts were flowin', while I'm holding the palm
"Hey whats that on your menu?" from there we continued
And talk about this and that we chit and chat, sipped on the Coke
Then I stroked the back as she giggled and I wiggled to the bra
She said, nah, that's when I noticed her pah
Big Tank, who did nothing but the spank at parties, drink Bacardi
And didn't think just act silly, with his brother Willy another Hillbilly Gettin' ill with the Philly and moonshine, but it's a new time of day
On the stoop doin' the Patty Duke, ok, it's like that old flip flaps
Through the shower caps, the platform shoes to Apple Jacks
Chub, chub
Yo, you niggas, niggas be actin' like they be lovin' them, them, them Fancy bitches, I, I likes me a nasty bitch, bitch that's willing to do Anything at any given time, bitch, gotta be nasty 'cuz I'm a nasty nigga
I do anything baby, I wouldn't give a fuck what it was
I'll, ah, anythin' I'm a nasty motherfucker, girl
I'm just sittin' right, in my class at a quarter to ten, right
Waiting patiently for the class to begin, right, teacher says
"Open up your texts, you read the first paragraph on 'Oral Sex'"
I said "Oral sex, what kind of class is this?"
Yo, next to me said, "Whats wrong with you man, this is a lesson
That makes you feel fine, kinda ease your nerves and relax your mind"
I said "Don't try to use no hypnotic spell"
She said "Be my assistant, I'd show rather tell"
My knees buckled heart started to drop my dick grew to a size
That my nerve couldn't stop, I tried to run, She yelled out "Freeze"
Pulled down my draws, dropped to her knees, ripped of my draws
As if she had claws, broke the rules that defined, sex laws
She responded quick, with a slick, welcomin' kiss and a ice cream lick
Ooh, I begged, I begged, "Easy on my balls, they're fragile as eggs"
Part 2 comin' up




Frere Jacques, Frere Jacques
Do Rae Wu, Do Rae Wu
Digi lematina, Digi lematina
Ding dong ding, ding dong ding


Yo
The wick is lit, the bombs start to tick, tick, tick
Countdown, BZA Bobby 'bout to spit
Explode every MC in a four mile radius
Still mad with stout like I'm Doctor Octavius
Place to brace, I could push on a rival plate
The pulse of a Digi stare, make a spiral break
Mouth the rhyme, blow his man outside the orbit
Who ever thought this thug hip-hop wasn't goin' corporate
And gain weight like Chinese put on eight dragon
And 'W' on the Flag and and everybody's braggin'
Neightborhood wiggin' out cuz the God's livin' out
Without biggin' out, Wu-Tang Clan biggin' out
Hollywood political wished off, It is Yourz
Ready for the next LP to hit stores
I got more serious, my smoke be furious
My night time walk should be named to Nigerious
It crucified you upside down on a wooden cross
Shouldn't have doubted the trojan, threw you in a wooden horse
Ol' Dirty break these niggas off
You be bitches dumb soft




BOODOODOODOO!!! Yo, yo, yo


Who want me to show the reels? I do magic spells
Children love shootin' guns on devils kill
I want a girl that's only too meak to squeal
And Wu-Tang keep that shit concealed
Roll with me in the drug mobile
Fuck my bitches, take it on the wheel
Played it all over the world until
Wu-Tang secret now revealed
O's is killin' all people for head over heals
I'm not a 'ciple with +Little Rascals+
Villians, all attracted to my shit for man silk repellent
I'm not the well-in, white boys can't get with melon
I'm sayin' Wu-Tang is supreme to my wife and ho bitches on tour
To make sure, insure, that my wife got paid while I was ditch poor




Ding dong ding, ding dong ding
Ol' Dirty Bastard squashin' shit
Comin' at ya..




(It's the hot shit, nigga!)
You know this beat is crazy, right (Hahaha, come on!)
This the beat right here, yo (hahaha)
They gonna love this when they hear this, g (come on)
(Yeah, Dirt McGirt and Killah Priest, hahaha)


A lot of these rappers r indecisive
That come into the game like y'all the nicest
But anyway get rich get brain
Get off the wall and do the damn thing
Get off the floor and do the damn thing
Get off the floor and do the damn thing


Silly rappers when will y'all learn
U play with fire and U will get burned cause now
I've been low lately waiting my turn
Turn off my radio cause I'm not concerned with y'all
Weak rhymes same topics
This one for the street for the projects
For my G's with the weed in the apartments (uh)
For my dogs in the law hit with charges (Killah Priest)
Fuk them cause I luv y'all regardless
For my chicks in the whips dancing braless
Hair done nice face looking flawless
I got the thing bust off lead objects
Y'all cats r lame no threat it's a promise (blaze)
Name your favorite rapper well he's fake
And U fake that's why U fuk with his tape
I'll take that thing and just bust in your face (come on, come on)


A lot of these rappers are indecisive (come on! come on!)
They come into the game like y'all the nicest (come on! come on!)
But anyway get rich get brain (come on! come on!)
Get off the wall and do the damn thing (come on! come on!)
Get off the floor and do the damn thing (come on! come on!)
Get off the floor and do the damn thing (come on! come on!)


OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
I'm on the streets ringo, spendin' the spingo
Eazy-E lingo, you doin' the tango, the vet don't wear Kangol
I dare pump my shit out the club, actin' strange, yo
Smack y'all niggas in yo face, yo
Got wiggas in the place, yo, by partyin' this muthafucka
I'm the only round lookin' sucka
I watch ya birds clucka, I'm free to ya tucka
So hold up, I'll play this muthafucka!
I'm on the other side, sportin' the vibe
I'm like college to this bitch asshole then vibe, slide!
Enter tah, with ya asshole movin' like hah
So don't ever let the shit break ya soul
With the drunk shit I will take ya soul
I move with mad heat and smoke you in ya head, man
This shit war, sign my tape man, take man
I'll blast you in ya muthafucka face
Smoke you in ya muthafuckin' face!




Cause it's a new year besta come correct
I ain't heard a style that I can't do yet
I ain't hear a rapper that I can't move yet
Get off the wall and do the damn thing
Get on the floor and do the damn thing


Yeah, Killah Priest, nigga
Recon Records, Ol' Dirty Bastard
Knowhatimsayin? Ya'll DJ's better play this shit
Youknowhatimsayin? Ya'll best to play this!
Ya'll know, I know where ya'll live!




Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you (We about to hurt somethin' up in here)


Them down south niggas been loved Dirt
Take a shot to the head, if you been through the worse
Show respect to your niggas, who been doin' it first
And be comin' with that shit, I'm just doin' the work


You don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach
You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit one verse
And leave in a New Benz burst
Take a trip down south and put some hoes to work, you hear me




Dirt McGirt, you niggas gon' respect it
I'm drunk and crunk so don't come in my direction
I'm ready to thump, and get the whole crew arrested
Bail 'em out, and laugh about it in Texas, yo




And get with Rome, down in Caki-Lac
And hit the spot, in the hood where the houses at
Where the shootin' and the fightings and the stabbings at
Where the Lincolns and the Chevys and the Cadi's at, shit






Kids, don't get high
Mothafuckas had me up in this mothafucka, last night and shit
I'm cocained the fuck up
Paranoid as a motha.. yo I'm paranoid as a fucka
Yeah, fuck that.. yo I fuck around and shit
I sprained both of my fuckin' fingers
This shit.. man a nigga need to get.. I'm tired of gettin' high like that
Ain't nobody came in my mothafuckin' school with no mothafuckin' drugs
Stop fuckin' wit me niggas, stop fuckin' wit me
Nigga, that shits all in my family, nigga
Stop fuckin' wit me, the fuck is you talkin' bout?
On the strength, what the fuck is you talkin' bout?
We've been here too many years to stop fuckin' wit me


Nigga I'm scared of the trigga
While I'm the life giver and the life taker
I'm your father-in-law, married to mother-in-law
Got the universe movin' in the form of the sea-saw
You killed 2Pac and Biggie, you know they was rollin' wit me
You paid for your stupidity
You can't do nothin' to me! I let your fuckin' fly free
Nigga, I'm pioneerin' all the sound ya hearin'
Earth from steerin', high mountaineerin'
I sincerely fuck you up severly by the yearly
Keep the sky clearly
I'm straight from the seventies
Mockneck colors wit ya bitch ass disappearin'
Give me clearance, I don't want no fuckin' interference!
I'm the Big Black Jesus!

Throw ya hands in the air! And wave 'em, fuckin' Wu don't care!
And if ya +'Bout It, 'Bout It+
Like we're +'Bout It, 'Bout It+, let me hear ya say, "Oh yeah!"
Oh yeah! Well, oh yeah!

I smoke woolers too, I majored the dust
Uh, it's legal for me
I drink everything, I don't give a fuck
It's part of the universe
Hey, what else I do? I do what I do
Man, fuck that! I stays high!
I don't give a fuck!


I be the rap head and the mic's my pipe
I'm about to get everybody high tonight
You ain't had no cool shit like this since '95
My Cuffie tribe is mad live, people do or die
And I be comin' with the good shit, somethin' like dope
I know you smoke it, but you won't get high, off this note
Have you up, really up like cocaine, you thought you could reign?
But all you did was throw mad pain, like diamonds
You could say I'm the lady's best friend
And when it come to makin' lyrics, I'ma represent
Yo, climbin' the charts like a cat
I'm rollin' with mad clips and gats
I can't be stopped, like this is Shitty City


Kids, don't use drugs!
Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!
Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!
Drug Free! Drug Free!



Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun
Dunh, do-do-do-duh-duh-duh
Dun-dun-dun
Maybe I was a fool, dun-do-na-na-na
When you say gettin' high wasn't cool, do-na-na-na
When I got used to this stuff, dun-duh-na-na-na
 Wasn't enough..


Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!


Yo bow down, we in the war with no images
I know you're feelin' us, DV's and Black Jesus
+Protect Ya Neck+, niggas better hit the deck
And ya chick better give us respect, respect
Eh-yo, my spit squad break ho's in like cavities
On the majority, shit you kick been borin' me
It's real logical, gain my strength, the biological
The role model, rock ya cradle, no one's survivin' me
The God-show, to yo' respect, we need to bless you
On some other, under the weather, we undercover
Stick stickin' 'em, shakin' 'em down, you know the program
Get wit it, Venoms and Wu, we stay committed
Committed, what what what? Uh-huh..


Baby.. Baby Jesus, Baby Jesus
Deadly Venoms - Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper
Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper (Brooklyn Zu!)


Lemme tell y'all fuckas somethin'
I ain't got nothin' against no one
Y'all fuckas always go somethin' against me
Fuck you! Men in Black!
Drug Free!




Kids, don't get high
Mothafuckas had me up in this mothafucka, last night and shit
I'm cocained the fuck up
Paranoid as a motha.. yo I'm paranoid as a fucka
Yeah, fuck that.. yo I fuck around and shit
I sprained both of my fuckin' fingers
This shit.. man a nigga need to get.. I'm tired of gettin' high like that
Ain't nobody came in my mothafuckin' school with no mothafuckin' drugs
Stop fuckin' wit me niggas, stop fuckin' wit me
Nigga, that shits all in my family, nigga
Stop fuckin' wit me, the fuck is you talkin' bout?
On the strength, what the fuck is you talkin' bout?
We've been here too many years to stop fuckin' wit me

Nigga I'm scared of the trigga
While I'm the life giver and the life taker
I'm your father-in-law, married to mother-in-law
Got the universe movin' in the form of the sea-saw
You killed 2Pac and Biggie, you know they was rollin' wit me
You paid for your stupidity
You can't do nothin' to me! I let your fuckin' eagle fly free
Nigga, I'm pioneerin' all the sound ya hearin'
Earth from steerin', high mountaineerin'
I sincerely fuck you up severly by the yearly
Keep the sky clearly
I'm straight from the seventies
Mockneck colors wit ya bitch ass disappearance
Give me clearance, I don't want no fuckin' interference!
I'm the Big Black Jesus!

Throw ya hands in the air! And wave 'em, fuckin' Wu don't care!
And if ya +'Bout It, 'Bout It+
Like we're +'Bout It, 'Bout It+, let me hear ya say, "Oh yeah!"
Oh yeah! Well, oh yeah!

I smoke woolers too, I majored the dust
Uh, it's legal for me
I drink everything, I don't give a fuck
It's part of the universe
Hey, what else I do? I do what I do
Man, fuck that! I stays high!
I don't give a fuck!


Yo yo yo I don't stop at the booze, no not, can't drop the tool
So no to C.Rules and go to these schools
Now who thinkin' elementary, class
I be see no to ecstacy and hash
Headed to the penitentiary one way
Blackin' out sippin', dust plus gun play
Knucklehead nigga in a stolen Hyundai
Sip this two, a one-to-three on Monday
If I'd have stayed in school and said no to drugs
I'd probably just be what my moms thought I was
I probably wouldn't be here pleadin' with the judge
And bitchin', it's silly, hope the God forgive it


(Yeah) Kids, don't use drugs! (What what what what? M.M.O!)
Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!
Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!
Drug Free! Drug Free!



Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun
Dunh, do-do-do-duh-duh-duh
Dun-dun-dun
Maybe I was a fool, dun-do-na-na-na
When you say gettin' high wasn't cool, do-na-na-na
When I got used to this stuff, dun-duh-na-na-na
 Wasn't enough..


Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free!


Eh-yo, we worldwide, Drug Free but we all hide
Pumpin' adrenaline through all sides
Most guys need coke to cope, the only smoke I choke
Is when I burn niggas verse for verse
My drug caper, stoppin' ya heart just like a pacemaker
We hold weight so we cross trainers
And headbangers with these black Rangers
Feds tryin' to contain us
Cuz we live dangerous, drug paraphanelias
My life changes, switch up frames in different angles
Crack'll leave ya dead or with shackles on ya ankles
Loves and thank yous, but it's a privelage for me
Givin' 'em Drug Free style, M.M.O., O.D.B


Baby.. Baby Jesus, Baby Jesus
Deadly Venoms - Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper
Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper



Drunk as can be
I am the drunken master style
You see nobody can ever touch me
Nobody can ever feel me
Nobody can ever say that he loves me or she loves me
She is a blessing on this earth nigga like the sun. raw
You see sometimes when the lyrics gotta come out
Make the ladies want scream and shout
Thoughts be amazed handcuts is played
Never wore other ?
Stormbrainiac
To the holy ghost taxism dusting ya
Call me your neighborhood ghostbusta
Obviously you know my name by now
Throw stupid parties all through your town unique or live or selected
Panic will erupt you'll be infected I break mc's down into syllables
Hold it back till ya rhymes one syllable ?



(Intro)
Yo imagine, imagine the shit
Drunk as hell and shit
And you going into a fuckin bar and shit
You stumbling over bitches and everything
Falling over everywhere, throwing up and shit
Yeahhayyyeahhahhh
C'mon c'mon
Ahhahahiahhhhhhh
I want ALL y'all people to feel what I feel
See my momma taught me this SHEEEIIIT
And my daddy learned from my momma
Which is good! Which is goodahhhhhhhhh

Sweet sugar pie, oh I wish you were mine
Lookin so good, like you know you should, yeah
And I-ayyeah, love you down, down baby
Oh my girlie, sweet my honey
You look so good to me
Love you down, all night long
Yeahhheahhhahhhh
Yeah, all night long
Yeahhahhhhhh, all night long girl
Sugar pie
Sweet oh-my-oh-my there's no lie
I love you girl, love you girl
Love you sweet pie
Yeaheahhhahhhhh

Do you love me? Do you love me like this?
(Do you love this girl) I know you love me
I love you TOO!!
Ahhahhahhhah
(I'll let you know) I'm serious
I need to know that
I needs you to let me really know that
I said I'm serious, very, very serious
Aight, let's go

*sounds like Ol Dirty having the orgasm from hell on the microphone*

Yeahhhh, all night long
Yeahhaeahhahhhh
Ahhhhhhhahahyeahh
It's other groups that's better than me like the Temptations
And you other, groups
From the Motown, Philadelphia, Atlanta
(this is dedicated to you)
And you others, better than me
Mrs. Jones, don't feel disgraced baby
Because I love your soul your got it together type thing
Diana Ross
(see I don't say these things for myself)
Michael JAZZY-Jackson
(please understand or something)
NO! I'm the baddest, hip-hop man, across the world!
I don't care, what you care, I just give, what you receive!




Ohh mad one, we see your trap
You can never escape your fate
Submit with honor to a duel with my son
I agree

I see you're using an old style
I wondered where you'd learned it from
You know very well, it's yours too
Heh, I had forgotten, will you show me?
And what have you come for?
You come here, since you're so interested - fight me


Yo, Picture bloodbaths and elevator shafts
Like these murderous rhymes tight from genuine craft
Check the print, it's where veterans spark the letterings
Slow moving MC's is waiting for the editing
The liquid soluble that made up the chemistry
A gaseous element, that burned down your ministry
Herbal vapors and biblical papers
Smoking Exodus, every square yard is plush
Fuck the screw-faced photo sessions facial expression
Leaves impressions, try to keep a shark nigga guessing
Give crazy shouts Son here's the outcome
Cut across the semi-gloss rhymes you floss
Shit is outdated, just like neckloads of Sterlings
Suede-fronts, bell-bottoms, and tri-colored Shearlings
I ain't particular, I bang like vehicular homicides
On July 4th in Bed-Stuy
Where money don't grown on trees and there's thieving MC's
Who cut-throat to rake leaves
They can't breathe, blood splash, rushing fast
Like running rivers, I be that whiskey in your liver


Duel of the Iron Mic!
It's the fifty-two fatal strikes!


This is not a '85 affair made clear
When the Gods get on to perform storms blew up
Wu's up, causing the crowd to self-destruct
Killer Beez are stinging while I reveal
Science that's heavily guarded by the culprit
Bombing your barracks with aerodynamic
Swordplay, poison darts by the doorway
Minds that's laced with explosive doses
Damaging lyrical launcher
Lunge at the youthful offender then injure
Any contender, testing the murderous Master
Could lead to disaster, dynamite thoughts
Explode through your barrier, rips the retina
Who can withstand the astonishing punishing
Stings to the sternum, shocked in the Hip Hop livestock
Seeking for a serum to cure em


Adults kill for drugs plus the young bucks bust
Ducking handcuffs, throats get cut when dough rush
Out of town foes look shook but still pose
We move like real pros through the streets we stroll
Bullet holes lace the windows in one-six-oh
So control the avenues that's the dream that's sold
Building lobbies are graveyards for small-timers
Bitches caught in airports, Ki's in they vaginas
No peace, yo the police mad corrupt
You get bagged up, depending if you're passing the cut
Plus shorty's not a shorty no more, he's living heartless
Regardless of the charges, claims to be the hardest
Individual, critical thoughts, criminal minded
Blinded by illusion, finding it confusing




Huh, Master, he must be dreaming, heh
Well, if he is dreaming then he must be asleep
And if he's asleep, then I will wake him up!

At the height of their fame and glory, they turned on one another
Each struggling in vain for ultimate supremacy
In the passion and depth of their struggle
The very art that had raised them to such Olympian heights was lost
Their techniques vanished




Ooooh, yeah, Just Blaze, Jon B., Dirt McGirt


Somebody told me, you was in, major clothes
Or by yourself, so what's holding you back
And we can too be, closing in, cuz I would be
In your bed, oh, what you bringing girl


You do it everytime, blow my mind
Let me show you why, can love tonight
You do it everytime, see you walk through my mind
Kinda thinking your fine, being a chip off some lies


So girl let's keep this going
Cuz I inside, will open wide, and I ain't shy
I'm just letting you know
That we can get it on til six in the morning
And you hottest tease, up in this joint
I'm asking please, girl, let's cut to the point
Is you what's keeping this going
I can feel you body telling me
Something... that's obvious to see, that you and me
Is you, just kiss you, your lips, I can't resist this
Kinda sick... the way that you fuck with my mind




Everytime I see your face
It, really blows my mind
Baby show me, why I came out tonight
Gotta make a jumpoff tonight


Alicia, Keyshia, Amber or Renee
No strings attached girl, I just wanna play
All y'all look like candy
Make you scream "awww" when I creep in your fantasy
Ain't no shame on a nigga, ain't no game
I'm just buggin' off your figure
Have a little Armadale, girl, take a swigger
You don't have to worry about the cost
When you pop off with the boss
Desires, keep my eyes, extra wide
Suprise, I'm a big boy, recognize
The broad, is what you are, by far
I'm wishing on a star, in my car
Body in the back, all up to the ceiling
Sexual healing, is what I'm feeling
You and me girl, we can rule the world
Or we can jump it off, jump it off!




Get nasty, get crazy
Get nasty and just jump it off



Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Oh, when you walk by every night
Talking sweet and looking fine
I get kinda hectic inside
Mmm baby, I'm so into you
Darling, if you only knew
All the things that flow through my mind
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
When I close my eyes
You come and you take me
On and on and on
So deep in my daydreams
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Images of rapture
Creep into me slowly
As you're going to my head
And my heart beats faster
When you take me over
Time and time and time again
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
When I close my eyes
You come and you take me
On and on and on
So deep in my daydreams
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
Shoe do do do do do do do
Shoe do do do do do do yeah
It's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
When I close my eyes
You come and you take me
On and on and on
So deep in my daydreams
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend
My laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning
And there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming
But I'm not sleeping
It's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
When I close my eyes
You come and you take me
On and on and on
So deep in my daydreams
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
When I close my eyes
You come and you take me
On and on and on
So deep in my daydreams
But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Sweet, sweet fantasy, baby
Shoe do do do do do do do




Keepin' it real, son, that's right
The shining star, you're my shining star, girl
Yo, New York in the house
Is Brooklyn in the house
Uptown in the house
Shaolin are you in the house
Boogie Down are you in the house
Sacramento in the house
Atlanta Georgia are you in the house
West Coast are you in the house
Japan are you in the house
Everybody are you in the house
Baby, baby come on
Baby come on, baby come on


Oh, when you walk by every night
Talkin' sweet and lookin' fine
I get kinda hectic inside
Mmm, baby, I'm so into you
Darlin', if you only knew
All the things that flow through my mind


But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy


Images of rapture
Creep into me slowly
As you're goin' to my head
And my heart beats faster
When you take me over
Time and time and time again


But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy


Ladies and Gentlemen
Introducing the Old, Dirty, Doggy
Here we go now
Me and Mariah
Go back like babies with pacifiers
Old Dirt Dog's no liar
Keep your fantasy hot like fire
Jump, jump, let me see you do the stump
Girls, let me see you shake your rump
Brothers, hit it from the back and front
And let's do it, do it, do it, uh-huh
I'm a little bit of Country
I'm a little bit of Rock and Roll
And I'm soul to soul
Big letters all big and bold
Old Dirty Bastard bask and blow


But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy


What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gonna do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun


But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy




I'm sayin, you-could-you could just come over top of that shit...
Did I hear it?
Nigga and bang your head, PUNK!!

 *in background repeating*
SUCK A DICK!!! 6x
SUCK MY DICK!!!


And it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't
It don't, it don't, it don't, it don't stop!
It all starts wit the pad and pen, shall we begin
To burn bush in this rap session, once again
On the run be the Black Stallion
Now you fuckin wit Ticallion, hmmm
Iron Lung, boy me can done, army of one, blaze yo' bun
I'mma get you none, accept challenge AHH!
Run a mile wit a racist, they iced it, I aced it
Placed it, right up in their face till they faced it
Hard to the dome like a chrome microphone
I'm ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-bad to the bone to the bone
Danger zone, that's my life and my song
Keep it movin, hop along little doggies!


Uh uh uh, FUCK YOU!!!
Drive The Mack Cadillac
Dark shade the window all sunny and black
Pitch antenna back of the car
Inside is a TV, even a bar
Bulletproof down, safe and sound
Chauffeur in the FRONT just to drive the Lexus all around
Give ya, give ya, give ya body a ride, nice and warm inside
Come to the Dirt Dog as the tummy rise
*Laughs* Enter


Yo yo my Wu-Tang cliff'll make your atom split
The power of my brain, you can't fathom it
Whoever go against the will of the grain will get slain
Don't EVER say thy God name in vain
My third eye electronic dragonfly spiral observe
Can record your words
And your lies and approach you
And have my Dogs come and Ghost you
When it comes to the bread son, the heat will toast you


Music makes me lose control
This is not just rock and roll
Hip hop digs right to the soul
Music makes me lose control
Wu-Tang, now we on a roll
On a rise, now here we go
Guaranteed to flip the show
RZA beats is outta control
Outta control, outta control, outta control
Outta control, now here we go


Yo who got that nigga gassed like he can't get skimasked
Abducted from his doorstep
Dufflebag his head for the price of nothin
He's a glutton
What I'm manifestin each day is a lesson
Ya'll faggots, came to the School of the 36 Chambers
Copied on papers of scholars that earn dollars
We trendsetters in Wu leathers, trendsetters in Wu leathers, whatever

Chorus  2x
Music makes me lose control
This is not just rock and roll
Hip hop digs right to the soul
Music makes me lose control
Wu-Tang, now we on a roll
On a rise, now here we go *Skip next line on the second time of chorus*
Music makes me lose control (2x)

Guaranteed to rip the show
RZA beats is outta control
Outta control, outta control, outta control
Now here we go




Turn the track up a little bit
We need to rock in here

I wanna make you happy


I'm not at all happy or elated, this category ain't my favorite
It's my story, I'mma state it, you could love it or hate it
I'm just a misfit blessed with good dick and intelligence
Hood nigga holding no grudges on petty shit
I started, why are we cold-hearted, so guarded
Scared to get hurt, trying not to love the hardest
That's garbage, remember when we loved each other
Bathtub scrubbed each other, chillin', champagne spillin'
Uh, feelin' like the shit gon' last forever
Time went so fast, we had a blast together
Laughs we had, friends we spent time with
Now I be seeing your friends out, then I'm reminded
How we all used to gather up for the holidays
Now your friends all nervous to speak, they act afraid
I was your bestie, how it get to this
As I reminisce, takin' off my MJs in my empty crib
Mary...


I wanna make you happy
But you just don't see it
I wanna be around, babe
But I'm so tired of competing
We say all the wrong things
Till we make each other cry
What are we doing?
Will it ever get better?
My heart, my soul
I gave, it's yours
I can't get back
All the things that I lost
Boy, I love you
But you're pushing me away


I gave you everything that I got
Watched my feelings walk on by
Ever get sick of trying?
This is how I feel inside


Now I was hoping
We'd get through this together
You said you'd love me
Through all types of stormy weather
Wasn't it you who said
We'd be together for all time
But it keeps messing with my mind
My heart, my soul
I gave, it's yours
I can't get back
All the things that I lost
I need you here near me
But I can't make you stay




I never thought that I would have this feeling
Do you think for once that you can truly mean it
Wasting so much time disagreeing
See, I'm to the point where I don't know what I believe in




If you don't want this, I don't want this, I do my morning crunches
Play my jazz, pray to the east, and watch the sunset
Uh, but yet I was blowin' you up the other night
Could tell your girl was telling you what to write back
Tell me why it's like that


So make up your mind, boy decide
We can't go on like this, this ain't right (it ain't right)
Feeling really bad, feeling kinda low
Think it's time to go






Two steps from the border line
Anything closer will kiss the nine
Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind
Cuz I stay on track, like transit line (FIRE!)
Keep it nappy or braided up
Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up (FIRE!)
Stop frontin' when you made it up
Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up (FIRE!)
Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites
Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss (FIRE!)
You know why niggas don't give you much respect
Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat (FIRE!)
Know Dirt, like bow know death
When I'm huntin' down, birds in rap (FIRE!)
Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat
And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that (FIRE!)
Use a spoon, unless you want a fork
Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark (FIRE!)
Stay high with the zombie walk
Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks


FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Ohhhhhhhhh)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it, ohhhhhhhhhhh)

What can make a hoe, look more cuter
But, Hennessey shots, and smoke more Buddha (FIRE!)
Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her
But you better first track for a noter (FIRE!)
Like does she have a best friend, or a daughter
Has she ever tried fuckin' under water (FIRE!)
Misinterpetate, let me break it down
Two pulls make the your merry go round (FIRE!)
Touch your toes, show me that rose
Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose (FIRE!)
Wide open, girl, everything goes
Real freaky, when you powder that nose






Two steps from the border line
Anything closer will kiss the nine
Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind
Cuz I stay on track, like transit line (FIRE!)
Keep it nappy or braided up
Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up (FIRE!)
Stop frontin' when you made it up
Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up (FIRE!)
Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites
Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss (FIRE!)
You know why niggas don't give you much respect
Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat (FIRE!)
Know Dirt, like bow know death
When I'm huntin' down, birds in rap (FIRE!)
Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat
And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that (FIRE!)
Use a spoon, unless you want a fork
Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark (FIRE!)
Stay high with the zombie walk
Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks


FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Ohhhhhhhhh)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it, ohhhhhhhhhhh)


What can make a hoe, look more cuter
But, Hennessey shots, and smoke more Buddha (FIRE!)
Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her
But you better first track for a noter (FIRE!)
Like does she have a best friend, or a daughter
Has she ever tried f**kin' under water (FIRE!)
Misinterpetate, let me break it down
Two pulls make the your merry go round (FIRE!)
Touch your toes, show me that rose
Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose (FIRE!)
Wide open, girl, everything goes
Real freaky, when you powder that nose






Two steps from the border line
Anything closer will kiss the nine
Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind
Cuz I stay on track, like transit line (FIRE!)
Keep it nappy or braided up
Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up (FIRE!)
Stop frontin' when you made it up
Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up (FIRE!)
Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites
Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss (FIRE!)
You know why niggas don't give you much respect
Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat (FIRE!)
Know Dirt, like bow know death
When I'm huntin' down, birds in rap (FIRE!)
Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat
And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that (FIRE!)
Use a spoon, unless you want a fork
Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark (FIRE!)
Stay high with the zombie walk
Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks


FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Ohhhhhhhhh)
FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it, ohhhhhhhhhhh)


What can make a ho, look more cuter
But, Hennessey shots, and smoke more Buddha (FIRE!)
Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her
But you better first track for a noter (FIRE!)
Like does she have a best friend, or a daughter
Has she ever tried fuckin' under water (FIRE!)
Misinterpetate, let me break it down
Two pulls make the your merry go round (FIRE!)
Touch your toes, show me that rose
Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose (FIRE!)
Wide open, girl, everything goes
Real freaky, when you powder that nose





Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard

If you need a fix
Ohh baby, I
(Clap, Clap, Clap, Clap) (Wow!)
Oh baby you need someone to fix you (Alright Y'all)
Oh baby had a fast song gaurenteed
(And you say Blackstreet) (Wow! Wow!)
Oh baby you need someone to fix you
(And you say) (Wow!), (and you say)
(Alright Y'all)
Clap your hands, (More and More)
Just Clap Your Hands
Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!)
Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!)

Verse 1:

Oh, sugar girl, you sexy thing (Wow!)
I like the way you swing, (Alright Y'all)
Always want to be your lover (Wow!)
Always want to be your lover (Wow!)
You can call me (Wow!)
If you need a fix or two (Alright Y'all)
Girl, you know how we do (Wow!)
I got to get with you, (Wow!)
You can get me on the phone (Wow!)
And dial my number, I'll be waiting (Alright Y'all)
When I see you We'll be Undisapating (Wow! Wow!)
All I want to do is drive you crazy (Wow!) girl (Alright Y'all)
If you can phone baby let us know (Wow!)
See me tonight (Wow!)

Chorus:

If you need a fix (Wow!)
Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Y'all)
If you want a fix (Wow!)
And I can give you what you need, (Wow!) (Everybody!)
If you need a fix (Wow!)
Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all)
Clap your hands, (More and More)
Just Clap Your Hands
Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!)
Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!)

Verse 2:

You don't have to worry (Wow!)
I'll be there for you (Alright Y'all)
It's time for you to be my girl (Wow!)
Time for you to be my girl (Wow!)
We've been knowing each other for some time, girl (Alright Y'all)
And I don't know what I'd do without you (Wow! Wow!)

Chorus:

If you need a fix (Wow!)
Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Y'all)
If you want a fix (Wow!)
And I can give you what you need, (Wow!) (Everybody!)
If you need a fix (Wow!)
Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all)
Clap your hands, (More and More)
Just Clap Your Hands
Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!)
Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!)
Teddy, jam for me, yeah (Wow!)
I can give it to you, baby (Alright Y'all)
Get down, get down (Wow!)
Get down, get down, down, down (Wow!)
Come on, come on, yeah (Wow!)
I can give it to you baby (Alright Y'all)
I can give it to you (Wow!)
Get down, down, down (Wow!)

Verse 3: Ol Dirty Bastard

HEEEHEEEHEEEHEEEH
Who, Huh
Her name was Caglauma (Wow!)
The foot was frontin' like she was behind me (Alright Y'all)
Gave a little shhh of the Marajuana (Wow!)
Foot and the plrrrpt up in the sauna (Wow!)
She was a weak girl but she needed a fix (Wow!)
I hit a Wu-Tang style caught up in the mix (Alright Y'all)
Besides, I need to exercise (Wow!)
Blackstreet need a fix going nation wide (Wow!)
In Your Neighborhood (Wow!)
In Your Valley (Alright Y'all)
In Your Town (Wow!)
Coming to you city

Chorus:

Oh Oh Oh Oh
If you need a fix (Wow!)
Let me be the one you call on (Alright Y'all)
If you want a fix (Wow!)
I can be your candy man, (Wow! Wow!)
If you need a fix (Wow!)
Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all)
Clap your hands, (More and More)
Just Clap Your Hands
Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!)
Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!)
If you need a fix (Wow!)
Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Ya'll)
If you want a fix (Wow!)
I wanna be the one you need, (Wow!)
If you need a fix (Wow!)
We can do it all night long girl (Alright Ya'll)
Clap your hands, (More and More)
Just Clap Your Hands
Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!)
(I Wanna go on and on and on and on and on)
Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!)
And you say Blackstreet (Wow!) (Yeah)
Clap your hands
Just clap your hands (Guess who's back in effect)
Just... (Alright Ya'll)
And you say Blackstreet (yeah)
Clap clap clap your hands
Just clap your hands (Wow!)
Just...(Everybody!)
And you say Blackstreet (Wow!)
Clap your hands (Taking it to another level)
Just clap your hands
Just...(Alright Ya'll) (Everybody!)
And you say Blackstreet
Clap clap clap your hands (Wow!)
Just clap your hands (Wow!)
And you say Blackstreet




Oooww! I lay me down to sleep!
Said ohhh I just can't find the beat!
Everybody say flashlight!
Aaaahhhh yeah!
Flashlight!
Everybody's got a little light!
Flashlight!
Everybody say flashlight!



There's no use, oh won't you tell her go with me!
Say flashlight! Red light! Yeah!
Most of all need to find the funk
Said help me find the funk
Most of all, need to find it
Help them find it

Aaahhhh! Hey hey!!!
Everybody's got a little light!
Under the sun!
I gotta help em
Help em find the funk
Most off all, help em

Aahhhhhh!
Mooove your sexy body
Shine your flashlight
Get your rump out on the floor
Mooove your sexy body
Shine your flashlight
Get your rump out on the floor


We got to shine the light because things ain't right
Funk signs up, makes for a good night
Kid let me tell you bout your fate
As the mothership connects in CC, Chocolate City
Got kids under pressure with the Bop Gun boppin
We non-stoppin, the whole joint cold rockin
Everybody up, we put it down for Uncle Jam
An allstar client plus the number one fan
Of the Parliment funk so come and bump your rump
It's all for a good cause, eliminatin applause


Eliminatin applause, eliminatin applause
Yo, come on baby let me suck your soul
And lick your funky emotion you know we on a roll
All glow as my people full of sorrow, tomorrow
You free your mind, your ass'll follow
Busta Rhymes come on complete, representin
Stay shittin on funk beats with George Clinton
Before we flip you really need to take a trip
On the fully equipped all expenses paid mothership


This recordin is dirty and stinkin
Funkier than Pep Le Pew I'm thinkin
About, droppin this single on the charts
Lettin you know that the kid has heart
I never denied myself as bein dope
When a nigga slept on my jam
Nigga caught the notes
Hey sugar plum, hi, can you assume
Bitch that the volume never has tune
I'm not your everyday regular rap star

Beware of the hardware, please the hard way


(....?....) mayday
Not H-O-G day, payday
Palladium day
Stagin the L-I-G-H-T day
And can you feel it? Boo yah!
Oh you're fryin
Like he done take two hits a niacin
Kinda like a chemical (..?..)
Hot damn, holy smokes, what up
So we havin a huge discussion
And pretty soon, spontaneous combustion
We on the map, well you can just sit around
Or funk burn, you got to burn
Di du joogedy di di dince dice
Dum dum, dingbat damn, I say man
Let's try it again, show your friend
Is it true (.?.) naw, is it two eyes and hips?
Well how the hell we gon get out this shit?
And then the shit get lit


Most of all, help them find the funk
Help them find the funk
Help them find the funk, the funk, the funk
Everybody's got a little
Everybody's got a little light
Everybody's got a little light
Help them find the funk!
Flashlight! Flashlight!
Everybody's got a little
Flashlight!



Ladies and gentlemen, flight 1-0 from LAX is now arriving into
JFK International


What? What? (...?...) about that money, nigga
How many, hey yo, how many niggas is really making money now
Now what I'm saying?
This 98, I'mma tell y'all cats somethin
This is the year of do it, or don't
If you gon do it, you better roll on with this crew cat
Juggyyyyy!!!!

 (ODB)
People call me crazy, but that's alright with me (It's alright!)
They ask me why I'm hustlin, (We hustlin!) I say for the money (Yeah!)
I duck down with Buckshot, Hoo Bang with Wu-Tang (Oooooo!)
Won't hesiate to slang, so money ain't a thang (Ahhhhh!)
Called Buck and Dirty, asked em what they need
They said send me two thangs and some LA weed
So my belief is fuck the beef, all money the same
And when I get to New York, I'mma show you the whoop game
I make a bitch stay down, cuz I'm that type of guy
Put the work on the Greyhound and fly to the NY
Hit the east coast with a pocket fulla cheddar
Tan khakis on with a thick red sweater (Oh yeah!)
They see me with some hoes, couldn't be better timing
Cuz though a nigga g'd up, I got on big diamonds, so nigga what?
(Tell it to em cat!)

 (ODB)
People call me crazy, but that's alright with me
They ask me why I'm hustlin, I say for the money
(Yo, I am comin over, to your spot tonight
I promise you my baby, that I'm gon do you right!)


Through the gusty wind, I roll with fifty men
Ready to get nifty and shifty and low
So what's the movements, yo? Let me know
Cuz when I come for motherfuckers, I'm comin for throats
It was sad I bled, but the red in my eyes shed
Light on the dark, I led the blind in sight
Now I got all of them inside
It's the reason why I do this, and I night ride
(For the moneyyyyy!!!!!!)
If you and a nigga outside, say the word
And I'm a spruge with my flight team soarin like birds
Missed it on the Friday with my nigga Cube
But the bomb blew Saturday when Mack lit the fuse
Who other than Buckshot come pick up the pieces
And straighten niggas out like creases
 Yeah nigga
(It's for the moneyyyyyy!!!!!)
Buckshot, ODB, Mack 10, back at it again




Hey yo, most of you know me, some of you don't
When it comes to challengin, none of you won't
Arrange this battle to improve your style
It's a brother with a totally different profile
Most of you play cold front in your face
Hesitatin on the rhymes, shoulda been Memorex
But, you forgot, you's an amatuer
Mystery worshipper, yo I prefer
I mind you, tease you, who's the boss?
Sucka amneisa, memory loss, welllll
Hit this, just quiet as kept
Mmmmm C's on the charts from the start had slept
Leeeeet's take them, wake them
You should be woke
Cuz you take MC'in for a practical joke, Hmmmmm
I present myself to be a similar nightmare of an Amazing Story




Yo, you ain't hearin nothing but a drop of the dime
Know what I'm saying?
To all my dogs, I wanna give a shout out
You got my nigga, Mack 10
You got my nigga, Buckshot shorty
And you got the one, dirt dog
Know what I'm saying?
And we gon do it like sweat hogs, my nigga
This how we get down!


People call me crazy, but that's alright with me
They ask me why I'm hustlin, I say for the money
Haha, Hoo Bangin records, pushin weight in 98
Cookin nothing but the bomb
You know what I'm sayin?
Cuz we got the Recipe, fo sho!



One, two and three through your raps fatigued in this mc word is a minor league/ see when brothas speak they swear it's unique, just a peak physique of an old antique / don't except a project, that's bond to freeze, your hardheaded stiff neck siamese / see i never liked rhymes, that's incomplete then again obsolete, shall i repeat, it's an easy street/ brothas who earn, learn your sojourn then you return, as an intelligent, positive, messenger not an experiment, negative, lucifer, with the tinited gloss of grafted skin, not the light spring source of the true origin / who was thor, wizard of war, cave man best friend was a damn dinosaur / no more jungle life living from the blue lagoon / its not an animal house, national lampoon / if you know the what, when, why and how / have you feel into a zen or to disallow / a fresh mc that will knock you down, i get you dizzy spell-bound, like a merry go round quan to u live and raw



I didn't catch everything if you can fix it thanks!!




All I wanna be is free with mad fucking money, man
Be free with mad money
You never be free fucking with these white boys




Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (I'm comin')
You're always talkin' shit (want me I'm come? We coming)
Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (I'm comin')
You're always talkin' shit (want me I'm come? We coming)
Shit (we coming, we coming!)


I'm the nigga walkin' through the Hill, with the gun out
Lookin' for the big mouth, showin' off in front of bitches
Talk about Dirt, leave you lumped up in stitches
Dig a lotta ditches, for you six feet spitters
Put the barrel in ya mouth, I'm the shell case shitter
Masquerade paid, stay on the front page
Playin' on streets, like streets was arcade
My hand's all sprayed, like Charles blades the gensu
Feel the lucy, and spark up the neptune
Resurrect them, to dawn on, protect 'em
Outside set up, guess who inject them
Walk through zoo, but no Zu, is Brooklyn
Heavy artillery, thug chains in Brooklyn
Strapped in the back of the Ac', Dirty rolls like that
That's a Crooklyn fact, find Dirty
And you find where the cash is at, fuck y'all


Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (fuck y'all)
Everytime I hear you talkin' shit (fuck y'all)
And anytime I hear you talkin' shit
Will be the last thing that you be talkin', shit (fuck y'all)


Spit fire like a livewire, the messiah
Take you higher than the last hit, mythological
In pussy logic, gynecolagist you can swallow
Cuz it' O.D.B., bitch!
Bring it like the Warriors, on the D Train
Explosive rap game, like a Meth thing
Spit acid, the Ol' Dirty Bastard
Pull like coast, to toast it, while I'm acid
Ten stories up, penthouse, only us
Meanwhile I'mma strain, what I can't crush
Fresh, wild and bold like the Cold Crush
Purple haze keep a nigga with the robut (fuck y'all)
On the major when the bitch slap, giddy up
I'm an ass man, but I tear the titty up
Tear ya whole city up, bring it if you grittier
Dirty ain't so pretty, even when the legs are levetated
Escalated, cuz I'm made of Baby Jesus
Welfare card expired, so I need this
Dirty rolls like that, that's a hood fact
Find Dirty and you'll find where the cash at






Ghetto supastar
That is what you are
Coming from afar
Reaching for the stars
Run away with me to another place
We can rely on each other, uh-huh
From one corner to another, uh-huh


Some got hopes and dreams
We got ways and means
The supreme dream team always up with the schemes
From hubcaps to selling raps, name your theme
My rise to the top floating on this cream
Who the hell wanna stop me, I hated those who doubt me
A million ReFugees with unlimited warranties
Black Caesar, dating top skeezers
Diplomatic legalese; no time for a Visa
They just begun, I'mma shoot them one-by-one
Got five sides to me, something like a pentagon
Strike with the forces of King Solomon
Letting bygones be bygones, and so on, and so on
I'mma teach this cat how to live in the ghetto
Keeping it retrospective from the get go
Lay low, let my mind shine like a halo
P-P-Politic with ghetto senators on the D-low


Ghetto supastar
That is what you are
Coming from afar
Reaching for the stars
Run away with me to another place
We can rely on each other, uh-huh
From one corner to another, uh-huh


One, two
And you don't stop
Yo!
My eyes is sore, being a senator
Behind closed doors hitting truth to the seafloor
The rich go North, ignore the tug of war
While the kids are poor, open new and better drug stores
So I became hardcore, couldn't take it no more
I'ma reveal everything, change the law
I find myself walking the streets
Trying to find what's really going on in the streets


Now every dog got his day, needless to say
When the chief away that's when them cats want to play
I told you, mess around you fools like Cassius Clay
Stretch my heater make you do a pot of beret
Kick your balls like Pele, pick em doing ballet
Peak like Dante, broader than Broadway
Get applause like a matador, cry yelling "Ole!"
Who the hell wanna save me, from B.K. to Cali


Ghetto supastar
That is what you are
Coming from afar
Reaching for the stars
Run away with me to another place
We can rely on each other, uh-huh
From one corner to another, uh-huh


Yeah... yo, yeah
Just when you thought it was safe in a common place
Showcase your finest is losing fast in the horse race
2-faced, getting defaced, out like Scarface
Throw your roll money, let me put on my screwface


Well I'm paranoid at the things I say
Wondering what's the penalty from day to day, I'm hanging out
Partying with girls that never die, you see I was
Picking on the small fries, my campaign telling lies
Was just spreading my love, didn't know my love
Was the one holding the gun and the glove
But it's all good as long as it's understood
It's all together now in the hood


Ghetto supastar
That is what you are
Coming from afar
Reaching for the stars
Run away with me to another place
We can rely on each other, uh-huh
From one corner to another, uh-huh
Ghetto supastar
That is what you are
Coming from afar
Reaching for the stars
Run away with me to another place
We can rely on each other, uh-huh
From one corner to another, uh-huh



Your girlfriend
Alicia Keys
Come on


Maybe silly for me to feel
This way about you and her
Cause I know she's been such a good friend
I know she has helped you through
Talkin' late on the phone
Every night you've been callin'
Private moments alone
Could your heart soon be fallin'?
And I know she's a friend
But I can't shake the feeling
That I could be losing your heart


I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
Although, she's just a girl that is your friend
I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
She shares a special part of you


You said that she's one who helped you see
How deep you're in love with me
And intentions were not to get in between
But I see possibilities

And you say that you feel
I'm the best thing in your life
And I know it's real
And I see it in your eyes
There's no reason for me
To even feel this way
I know you just enjoy her company


I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
Although, she's just a girl that is your friend
I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
She shares a special part of you

(Jermaine Dupri)
Say you jealous but you can't tell me why
Say you jealous but you can't tell me why
Say you jealous but you can't tell me why

(Alicia)
It's enough to make a nigga go crazy


I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
Although, she's just a girl that is your friend
I think I'm jealous of your girlfriend
She shares a special part of you




Give it to ya raw!
Yo, it's that old school shit
About 12 years old

Let's get physical, operate your brain to function
I remember the Gods at the junction
Conjunction junction what's your function?
I summed it up as the Ason sumption
Known on the microphone as Crazy Crucial
Dippin low on an MC like you and doin you
Somethin, so step to the shit right now
Kickin on erything in my god damn town
Doin expressure, a jam it to deadly
Daredevil doin, cause I am the U-N
I-Q-U-E funky fresh
Funky do he get hype?
You're motherfuckin right I do
Ason, break it down sure anytime
A serious outstandin never end it clever in the rhyme
Break down your shit, wherever you come
There's no one who can fuck with Ason
I paralyze you make you realize who
Lost concern with my god damn crew
Quiet as kept when I start any fuckin riots
Even before you do in my nigga? Don't try it!
For you to get close enough to my style
You have to travel miles and miles and miles
To find a special rhyme like mines, you gotta look
At what you find in the Brooklyn Zoo
Raw exit, killin the beat with all your might
You love a hip hop song baby, I don't wanna be right
Wake up, what, what, losin your head
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed
Juvenile faction of hard, you say you're livin large
You're the head nigga in charge

I give it to ya raw!
I said I give it to ya raaaawww!!
I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason baby
I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason
I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason
Givin it to ya raw baby
The raw deal, because

These lovely rhymes made by the one and only
I'm Ason, there's nothin phony about me
Steady of course so hard to handle whip it
Like a specialist I write my own music
Now I make ya dance, get drunk or act wild
Baby sayin "Hey hey I love your style"
Whether you're sober, known just to holder, casanova
Get chopped with the lawn mower
So get busy as Ason perform
On and on ladies scream my name Ason
That means the Ason girls fanatic
Repeat it so much you get a throat infection
Yo I relieve the ones who believe
You're in the need of the God degree
That I build on with style and finesse
Keep MCs in check like a game of chess
So to the folks, come to my rehearsals
I look so good I should be on the commercials
On TV that tell original lie
Of the Ason most high
Who's your Jesus? Stop me and question
They'll never forget they can choke on position
Don't charge a cent of excellent
Add the ingredients of Ason's elements
Fire, water, cold earth wood
Yo do the knowledge because it is good
Enough to overstuff jumbo pack
Brother like Ason will never be attacked
A by a nigga couldn't figure how to pull the gun trigger
And I say yo get the fuck outta here!




Yeah, know what I'm saying?
Wise Intelligent, broadcasting live from the top of Mt. Kilimanjaro
Know what I'm saying?
Hip hop go wherever I go
For real, Poor Righteous Teachers represent
'96 off the hook we're dropping this hit kid
Watch


Lord, how you be, madam G, peace God
Fuck frauds, get yours, kick ass, leave scars
On Mars I built a school to study life on Earth
Thoughts burst, a million rappers murdered in the first verse
Now what's worse than eating dirt, being buried alive
Put to death by surprise in the name of black gods
Ain't I most fly? Young pie don't cry
Dry the tears from your eye and your lover might live
Life to give, life to take, never making mistakes
All wise enjoying everything right and exact
Poor facts, pro-black, Donnelly Homes projects
Learn that time is the same on Casio or Rolex
Knowledge James, chapter two, verse one through six
But try not to judge a man by the price of his kicks
Come off this talk shit  convert words to actions
Cause you know Jersey runs things every time boy
Build destroy, Trenton must make noise
Enjoy the fruits of life, need the wife and my boys
My seed won't need for anything, trust me
Black man, 'nuff land, eight hundred acres of trees
Please the seven seas travel regularly
Degrees consciously study everywhere we be
Family daring he who talks enough shit
And come and get the stitch to fix the split upper lip
The shit providers
Will call us great civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers black


Whatever happened to the Gods and the Earths
They thirst for a pot of gold God's worth is birth
Knowledge is worth more than diamonds
When the mind is shining, surprise us
Gods Earths and 85ers


Dedicated to the Gods and the Earths
Dip dip dive-a, civilize an 85er


Intelligent, twenty-three, now nineteen five
Hold the mic I'll rise right in front of your eyes
In here six years see what I felt every year
Oh yeah it's ninety-six I'm born and understanding, understood
Get the goods, build a school down south
In some remote location that nobody knows about
Teach, add on to the life that we live
God degree, twelve jewels, eat the foot that I give
No pig, strictly kosher mathematics and fact
Poor blacks on track mission to take the Earth back
Cause Whitey got it locked, that's why the whole world's lost
We wearing crowns made of thorns and being put to the cross
Lost souls futures told in the Dead Sea Scrolls
God reduced to a savage lacking soul control
Talking lots of shit about his drugs and guns
Several daughters, 'nuff sons, ain't trying to raise none, yo
Whoa-ho-ho, let me slow up with the flow
Can't move too quick because niggas got to know
The duty of the civilized is to civilize the uncivilized
And make the world recognize
That God is Wise, and Wise is God to the death
And back to life, you Lazarus and I'm the Christ
The forthcoming, like a thief in the night
The wave of light, the key to everlasting life
That shit provide us, to call us straight civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers y'all


Whatever happened to the Gods and the Earths
They thirst for a pot of gold God worth his birth
Knowledge is worth more than diamonds
When the mind is shining, surprise us
Gods Earths and 85ers

 (x2)
Dedicated to the Gods and the Earths
Dip dip dive-a, civilize an 85er


Since I've been away I've been thinking about
How gunslingers turned singers and black culture went out
Wake up all you teachers tired of teaching and wait
Grass roots, pass truth into the ears of black youths
Watch me talk the talk and walk the walk right now
As mystic as it seems, I bring for real to your dream seeing
Midnight marauder got it dipped off the block drug
Street niggas bug cause they know we do it for the love
We rose above every limit that they said we had
Who loves your ass enough to strictly educate the mass?
Come get your cash, fill your mind with swine and dash
For longevity, these niggas we will never be
You will remember we from now till forever G
I am infinity, lyrics flowing endlessly
You ain't no friend to me so don't even pretend to be
Like O.J. Simpson be sleeping with the enemy
I call you out and make the world know your ass is lacking
Quoting some lessons but see no parts of understanding
You standing under my rain, snow, sleet, hail and thunder
That's why you wonder what's causing this to exist
I raise the mist, distill the myths of many currents
Don't be determined except to life forget the death
Nevertheless you're being blessed cause I'm who God is
Don't know the time niggas must be wearing Guess watches
Hands on your boxes, turn 'em up like seven notches
Your Magnavoxes amplify my super conscious
Shit providers, we'll call us straight civilizers
And true suppliers for Gods, Earths, and 85ers y'all


Hold it down kid and you don't stop
P.R.T. represent shop
(There's a new set of rules you shall all have to abide by
And the non-lyrical shall be terminated)




Yo East New York in this motherfucker, Blahzay Blah in this motherfucker
Brooklyn in this motherfucker, Dirt Dog in this motherfucker, it's on point


Come on baby let me you jump, let me see you body rhythm pump
Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go


Aiyo, my timin' is so precise, gangsta all my life
I don't get robbed, I control the heist
Cold as ice, still nothing, this whole device
Life's a gamble, so I roll the dice
I camed up, still I'm up and coming
Auto start, put on my sneaks, truck is running
Bad broads, that's beyond Beyonce
Eatin' on my body like a dinner entree
What ya'll critics gonna say, don't even risk it
Forget Pillsbury, eat this Blah Blah biscuit
Ya'll watered down the game, man, like bar liquor
It's nothin' for me, I just buy the bar quicker
Oh my God, nigga, I'm in the house, and I'm rowdy
He been doin' this since five thousand on an Audi
Remember "Danger!" Yo, ya'll know Blah
This is grown under water, ya'll ain't even in my sonar


The east is in the house like (danger)
About to, turn it out like "Oh My God" (danger)
Put the barrel in your mouth like (danger)
I see the dipper through a blouse, it's "Oh My God" (danger)
Me and Dirty on the floor like (danger)
Me and Dirty pimpin' ho's like "Oh My God"


So then you act like you love my little baby
And you know that I act a little crazy




I'm on the streets lingo, spendin' the spingo
Eazy-E lingo, doin' the dango, the vet' don't wear Kangol
I dare pump my shit, at the club, actin' strange, yo
Smack ya'll niggas in the face, yo
Got wiggas in the place, yo, block party in this motherfucker
I'm the only round actin' like sucka, sucka bitch ass pucker
So don't play this motherfucker, or watch you bird clucker
So don't let yourself break yourself
With the sip and tumble, that will take yourself
I move with that heat that smoke you in your head, man
The shit war, time to take, man, take man






East/West beef is over, gettin' money all over
Set up shop in Cali, then one in deli Dover
Music, or sellin' crack by the Grove
I ain't talkin' about dick, but I'mma stock it to hoes
I'm not gonna grow, I'm the type to explode
Hit this song to walk back in it, then it's gon' be white gold
Eatin' wild timing, ya'll know it's my title
I burn more bushes than Moses in the Bible
But hates gon' Holly, pimpin's gon' Broadway
So many pimps, broads don't know who to pay
But ya'll better have my dough
Come on baby, just go go go
Yo, I once was lost, but now I flaunt
2004 Porsche, all you haters get off
I will board-to-the-board, the-hang-the-hang
Down to the ground, to the ground, they bang, they bang








Hell
Remember when we was young
And we used to go
(ahhhhhhhhhh) *repeated*
Ah, Punch Call!
No no, remember when we used to say who could do this the longest
(ahhhhhhhhh) *repeated*
*breaks down*
Ahhhh!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
All right, I'm about to put it
Goin down, down


I am the U-N-I, The Q-U-E, the G to the O-D
I said I go by the unforgettable name of the man called Unique G
Well, my name is known all over the world
To the foxy ladies and the pretty girls
I go down in history
As the baddest brother that ever could be

You couldn't show me
Didn't know me
How to be a true MC

My advantage on the M-I-C is the slang
That I manifest so you could never hang
Obviously you know my name by now
I done thrown stupid parties all through your town
Dirt McGirt...that's my motherfucking name
Love to flirt...that's my motherfucking game
They said "Who wanna be an MC?"
I am the original G-O-D
Making young ladies scream's my specialty
See my style, different from yours
Make young bitch wanna drop the drawers


Fuck that bullshit Unique
You my motherfucking husband
I ain't got no motherfucking time for them bitches
You better come home with me
You better bring your motherfucking ass home tonight, motherfucker
I ain't got no motherfucking time for no bitches calling my motherfucking house with that bullshit
You got three fucking babies to take care of
Fuck that shit


Matter of fact, I gotta song for you all:
SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW
WHERE BLUEBIRDS FLY
SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW
WHY OH WHY

HEAR ME NOW!


Style funky, you know dat's me
KILLER BEE whohoho ONE MAN ARMY
Down for mine when I go on tour
Throw your hands in the air if you want more
Style is evil is like an wicked witch
With the mi-ca-phone spliggh! Funky as a bitch
Which is which, makes me nasty nasty
Next on the mic is the rappin NUH
You want some of the Ason's gun
Shoot the nigga, BLAAOW, reaches no one
Then you KNOW not to touch my HOE
I like livin my own fuckin show




Ladies and gentlemen, huh
This a song.. that dedicated..
(wee kah boo boo doo doo boo dah boh dah bah dah boh doh goh doh doh..)
.. to me.. (dah boh goh ding.. ah, lalalalalalalah)
MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMmmmmmmmmmmmm..
Doo be doo boo boo be doo boo woo boo BEE booweeoooohhh
Weayeahhhhhhhhhhhgirrrrll


Whoahhhh-woaAHH-woahhoahhohhh

 Ah zooby dooby dooby
 Whoahhoooooohwhoahhhooooooh
 It's on me girl, to stop fightin and work this out, knahmsayin? F'real



(Good morning heartache) Good morning heartache, good morning
(You always by my side)
 Good morning heartache


 Ooooohooooohhh
 Wish I'd forget you, proper state of mind
Wish I'd forget you bayyyybe, 
Stop thinkin about bein so harsh all the time
 Stop bein prejudiced to each other
 Stop bein jealous, of one another
 ahahahahahhhhhhh
(Start each day out)  hello
 newwwwwwwwww
 nowwwowowowowwwwwwwwwwwwww
(Can't shake you, no howww) No howwwwwwwwww
(Why don't you) why don't you, why don't you
 aloneeeeeahhhhhhhhhhIahhhhhh got
(I got those, Monday blues) Monday bluesss
(go straight through) straight through (Sunday blues)
Sunday blueeees
(Oahahaoohhhhhhhhh good morning heartache)
Good morning heartache
(Here we go, here we go, here we go again)
Good morning heartache, oahahhh.. let's go
 Good mornin heartache babe

(Yes I might as well get used to you)
(Hangin around) Oahhhhhohhh
 acheeeeeeeee
 towwwwwwwwwn
Oahh *cough cough cough*
(Good morning heartache..)
*cough cough, cough*

Hold up
WHYYYYYYY DON'T YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU





Ahahahaha
Minds start to freeze, at ease
Its the Wu-Tang Killa Beez
Brooklyn Zu, where we roll, Manchuz
Comin at yo' avenuez
36 chambers at a theater near ya
(To all my muthafuckin niggas in the place to be
And lllllast man to me)
We gon' take hip hop to anotha level


Wu, Gots like come on through
Su, That's the call of the Wu
Zu, Gots like come on through
Su, That's the call for the Zu


If your from the east coast and
You're down with Brooklyn Zu
Su, That's the call for your crew
If your from the west coast and
You're down with Brooklyn Zu
Su, That's the call for your crew


Yo, I make myself official with the 7-dotted temple
And the knowledge procedes to take off like Emmitt's missle
Its the rapfire comin from this Lord, Monk and sire
Cut like barbfire, ka-boom, just raise your hands higher
I get off even if its battle or war, yall niggas hit the floor
And word is bond, It still prescibes laws, hate the allegations
So, I slam on this station with motivation and watch out for the Zu
Domination
We could take it to anotha level, Glock-block that kills treble
Honey rebels, and all y'all niggas betta end up in fuckin' Belleview
Yo, I mean that, I'm a god and I cut you no slack
You wanna act, then I attack and just split your wig back
Your some lame ass nigga rockin' Tommy Hilfiger
With 3 sizes larger just to make you look bigger
And all you people out there procrastinatin to stop the assassination
You betta check up with your still and just watch the Zu nation




Now take this, I hit you with the Drunken Dragon Fist
Got the funk for your mind leaving niggas in bliss
I look deep into your eyes, diggin in your soul
Pullin' out the inner thoughts, leave minds behold
I know exactly what your thinking, I wait for you to blink
And I hit you with a round to make your ego start sinking
I send your wack ass back to class, learn something
So you can peep the real shit, and you can stop fronting
On your phoney block, with your phoney Glock until you slip
When niggas burn the drama they put teks on your lips
Hey son, I just thought about that shit
And you wanna be a gangsta rapper, boy you get the dick
The Drunken Dragon, comin' at you
And if I hear you say Brooklyn Zu, I say "Yo, who you?" cuz




Back the fuck up before I use my gat
Spray two to your neck and four to your back
It's the hardcore warrior, straight from Medina
Look on my face it shows, no one meaner
Brooklyn Zu Killa Bees on the swarm
I be in your area so sound the alarm (Suuuu)
Monks in the front know not to fuckin' drunk
Knocking down niggas, and the girl sees the lump
Shit is real, yes I'm hittin' hard like steel
I'm comin' through your town so it's best that you peel
For real, yes I get dirty with my skill
No slacks in my thoughts, no time for my to trip up
Niggas, your crazy, I leave no fuckin' traces
When I put it on that ass you'll be disintegrated
Crazy lunatic with the style that's sick
Somebody in my clique is bound to set a pick
Your hit, by this trife shit that I fix
I'm just like the devil, I don't play no tricks, cuz






1-1-2, 4-4-1 Frankin Av
Peace, to my nigga Wack
(Its all good, its all bad
Dirty runs for the mayor next year, finally
You'll neva see meeeeeee)
Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu
SUUUUUUUUUUU!!



Oh baby
I dedicate this to all the pretty girls
All the pretty girls
It's on
All the pretty girls in the world
And all the ugly girls too
Cuz to me you're pretty anyway
You give me your number
I call you up
You act like your pussy don't interupt
I don't have no trouble with you fuckin me
But I have a little problem with you not fuckin me
Baby you know I'ma take care of you
Cuz you say you got my baby and I know it ain't true
Is it a good thing? no it's bad bitch
For good or worse, makes you switch
So I walk on over with my crystal
Bitches, niggas put away your pistols
Dirty won't be having it in this house
Cuz bitch I'll cripple your style
Now that you heard my calm voice
You couldn't get another nigga, hoochie won't get moist
If you wanna look good and not be bummy
Girl you better give me that money

Chorus (Kelis):
Hey, Dirty
Baby I got ya money
Don't you worry
I said hey
Baby I got ya money
Yo!
So I glanced to the girl, girl glanced at me
I whispered in her ear, "You wanna be with me?"
You wanna look pretty though, in my video
Ol' Dirty on the hat and I let you all know
Just dance if you caught up in theholy ghost trance
If you stop I'ma put the killer ants in your pants
I'm the ODB as you can see
Every eye (FBI?), don't you bee watchin me
I don't want no problems cuz I put you down
In the ground where you can not be found
I'm just dirt dog tryna make some money
So gimme my streaks and gimme my honey
Radio play this all day, everyday
Recognize I'm a fool and you luuuuuuv me
None of you hmph better look at me funny
Hmph you know my name now give me my money

ODB over chorus:
Sing it!
Sing it girls!
Yes, sing it right now!
And if Dirty want his money
I think y'all give him his money
That's how I like giiiiirrrrrrlllllllllll
Sexy sexy sexy (x3)
Yo, yo!
Nigga playin in the club like this all night
Bitches put your ass out let me hold it tight
You lookin at my wrist sayin "this so nice"
The price bitch is diamonds shining disco light
You better help me solve my problem
Or I'ma get this money and rob them
Lucky dog when I won the lotto
Ran up on my car for carrying ryllos
You can call me Dirty, and then lift up yo' skirt
And you want some of this Dirty, god made Dirt and Dirt bust yo' ass
Stop annoying me, yeah, I play my music loud
It takes the bastard Ol' Dirty to move the croooowd
They say he had his dick in his mouth
Eddie Murphy told me that back in the house
But gimme my money!
Chorus fading out




I dedicate this to all the pretty girls
All the pretty girls in the world
And the ugly girls too
Cause to me you're pretty anyway, baby


You give me your number, I'll call you up
You act like your pussy on interrupt
I don't have no trouble with you fucking me
But I have a little problem with you NOT fucking me
Baby, you know I'ma take care of you
Cause you say you got my baby, and I know it ain't true
Is it a good thing? No it's bad, bitch
For good or worse, makes you switch
So I walk on over with my Cristal
Bitch-ass niggas, put away your pist-als
Dirty won't be having it in this house
Cause, bitch, I'll cripple your style!
Now that you heard my charming voice
You couldn't get another nigga, coochie won't get moist
If you wanna look good and not be bummy
Girl, you better give me that money! Aow!


Hey, Dirty!
Baby, I got your money
Don't you worry, I said hey!
Baby, I got your money


So I glanced at the girls, girls glanced at me
I whispered in their ear: "Wanna be with me?"
You wanna look pretty though, in my video
Ol' Dirty on the hat and I let you all know
Just dance if you caught up in the holy ghost trance
If you stop I'ma put the killer ants in your pants
I'm the O-D-B as you can see
F.B.I., don't you be watching me
I don't want no problems, cause I'll put you down
In the ground where you can not be found
I'm just Dirt Dog trying to make some money
So give me my streaks and give me my honey!
Radios play this all day, everyday
Recognize I'm a fool and you love me!
None of you, NUH, better look at me funny
NUH, you know my name, now give me my money!


Hey, Dirty!
Baby, I got your money
Don't you worry, I said hey!
Baby, I got your money


Sing it! Sing it, girls!
Just shake it right now!
If Dirty want his money
I think y'all should give him his money
That's how I like you, girl!


Nigga playing in the club like this all night
Bitches put your ass out, let me hold it tight
You looking at my wrist saying "It's so nice!"
The price bitch is diamonds, shining disco light
Well, you better help me solve my problem
Or I'ma get this money and rob them
Lucky Dog when I won the Lotto
Ran up on my car for carrying Rollo
But hold on, you can call me Dirty
And then lift up your skirt
And you want some of this Dirty
God made Dirt and Dirt bust your ass
Stop annoying me! Yeah, I play my music loud
It takes the Bastard  Ol' Dirty  to move the crowd
They say, "He had his dick in his mouth."
Eddie Murphy taught me that back in the house
Now give me my money!


Hey, Dirty!
Baby, I got your money
Don't you worry, I said hey!
Baby, I got your money



Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shit Stain, and others

(the first line originally ended "Dirty Dancin" on Jerky Boys sountrack)
Shit that makes me high

Yo, we gonna bring it back, to Harlem World
Motherfuckin' jocks (British Knights)
Yo I remember when niggas was walking down the street
On Farmers, motherfuckers was wearin goose goose
Motherfuckers walking around with Brogans
(I was wearing 'em)
I'm sayin though

A gold tooth that was never shined
I'm sayin though
See cause tonight, is the night of all nights
Most people gather around
To hear the show, that is comin through your town
(I was playin' em)
See my name 
Is somethin, that you won't know
Unless you're dowwwwwwwwn, with the Brooklyn Zoo
(I was wearing 'em)
Other brothers come
But never... come back
(Introducing)

So basically, what the Ol motherfuckin Dirty Bastard is sayin
Is that if you fuck around 
You're gonna get yo' ass fucked up
So don't fuck around just lay down

Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard

I remember (dnnah-dah)(dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah)
Not too long ago " "
I went to a city " "
And I saw a Wu-Tang show " "
Now I always wanted " "
To get, with, the band " "

But niggas was singin they own songs
Bein in they own worlds
So I guess I, I guess I, RARAARRRRAAHHH!!!
The terminology, the psychology
You still expect me to accept
Do what I say off the TDK...
With the button on record and the other on...
Thus I press pause for a serious cause
To respect an intellect with this gratifying
Now that I'm ready let the music begin
As I detect what I wrote with my...
Through the time that I spent, money that I lent
Rap records went up just about
Then became a new way to get paid
They said, "rhymin' on the mic is the number one..."
Then a brother get the feeling that he want to play cool
You discombumberated diabolical fool
Hog-flesh MC, go play in the mud
Another 20th century, modern day
Cannibal, humanoid, underground...
Chud broke loose from the god damn...
Dope-fiend addict why you walk with
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
When the MCs came, to live out their name
Most rocked rhymes that was all the...
When I elevated, and mastered the time
You was stimulated from the high post
You got shot cause you knew you were rocked

Verse Two:

You're not the king of the diss
Youse a queen of a bitch
You're like a homosexual
Your ass always switch
Niggas wake up in the morning
Your ugly-ass guise
Got slob around your mouth
Green cold in your eye
You can't smile your teeth too gritty
Can't even move, drawers too shitty
(you know what else) You're shaped like a thistle
The holes in your drawers when you fart them shits (whistle)
YOU DUCKIN SUCKIN MOTHERFUCKIN COLD-HEARTED FAGGOT
Sperm germ slimy worm DISINTEGRATED MAGGOT
Repeat your rhymes all the time like a FUCKIN parrot
Phony gold chains only rated two carats
You tell your friends that your home is like heaven
Livin in the gutter sewer seven pipe eleven
You wear your socks twelve days in a row
Turn them on the other side so the dirt won't show
Go to school, take a shit, don't wipe your ass
Blame it on another sucka nigga in your class
YOU WANNA BATTLE?
Is it the pork on your fork, or the swine on your mind
Make you rap against a brother with a weak-ass rhyme
Swine on your mind, pork on your fork
Make you imitate a brother in the state of New York
Chain on your BRAIN, that drove you inSANE
When you tried to CLAIM, for the talent and the FAME
Nothin to GAIN, yet and still you CAME
Suffer the PAIN, as I demolish your NAME
Not like Betty Crocker, baking cake in the OV
Sayin this is dedicated to the one I love
Not a swine or dove, from the heaven's up above
When I rap, people CLAP, so they push and they shove
When I rhyme I get LOOSE, better than Mother Goose
Rock the mic day and NIGHT, so you see I'm the JUICE
Like the two-six-EIGHT, politicians demonstrate

Outro:

Now hold up hold up hold up hold up
What y'all niggas don't seem to hear
Is y'all can not FUCK with me
I saiiiiiiiiiid
ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Can't FUCK with me

I wanna give a shout out to my nigga Dore, Dore, Dore
Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk
Yo, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
For the niggas who's here
And the girls who's out there
Throw your hands in the air
Cause this one is more fly
Fly, fly
Flyyyyy, flyyyy
Flyyyyyyyyahhahayhahhhha
BZZZZT
Wooo!

Get your ass in the house boy, I told you
Get your ass in the house! Get, get, in the god damn house boy!
Last fuckin time I'm gonna talk to you you hard-headed motherfucker

C'mon daddy?
I didn't mean nothin by it
But when it come to... FUCKIN with you MCs




Hang glide for my nigga Tical
Yo, word to God we run this whole shit Son (no doubt)
Right that's my word, guaranteed you're dealing with the invincible (no doubt)
(I'm specialized in swordsmanship)
That's my word, Persian Legacy one time, one time
That's the science of the black man
Stationary niggas, have fun on this right here
Yo Shorty cross your arms
Gonna rock niggas to sleep this year (throw your leather up)


Blade thrower, sword swinga, killa bee ringer
Rocky road roll dark greener
Cream fademas, name your God-U Kareema
Shout out Medina, federaloes Noxzema
Me, jewelery cleaner Million Man March screamers
Ray Catena, cut your joint Wolverine
The Longines, wrapped around the wrist, law seen her
How I got that yo, threw out the macker named Gina
Bust a shot, seen her, it richocheted, tapped Tina
Now I'm out, lampin in Korea with Talima
We moseyin, sweatsuit Adidas, best believe
I got the black heater little joint, probably Moschino
Yo Bobby Robby whattup, Max tried to follow me
Sadaam loungin, clean up collect, like the laundry
It's time yo swerve like the Nike line
Windbreaker Laker throw a jump shot scrape her
Statuary yo floatin that snatch-uary
Aiyyo, blow a hole in your limo, weed pass the dutch


Yo this is MC wizardry, killa bee invasion
Men of respect, blessed with wisdom of the ancients
My words are blatant, lacerate necks for statements
I launch like lead projectiles, straight out the basement
I suplex your rep, left ruined like the Aztecs
Parasites, double edge dice your larynx
My hip-hop, is quarantined locked inside the detox
Under key lock, it's like b-block and E-Glocks
You're ill, your trail ends, thoughts are frail
I strike the cypher, and let one survive to tell the tale
Of my state of grace, I raise the stakes on snakes
Knock em off like the big eights for takin up space
Never did fear em, stick em with the truth serum
Who sent em, arrest em before my charge is ended
Designated hitter flows split the transistor
Kinetic globes light when it shine, burns your retina
Urban journal, plus eternal broadcaster
Before and after, I be Self Lord And Master


I be the Ironside, get touched, with the chloride
Take walk with the Nine-Finger bandits worldwide
Shaolin hillside, full of homicides
FUCK you dissatisfied the double dyed black brown iodine


Yo, box talk sequence, powerhouse kickout
Eyes dusty, wet, butt-naked with my dick out
I'm direct, golden best, golden chest is blessed
Scarce chapter, snatch a batch of Winterfresh
It sound farfetched, mountain men that be rich
You get buckshot, dummy-clapped, mummy-wrapped and stitched
The Jeffrey Dahmer Notre Dame-r sing the song the strongest
Brute force bullethole straight through your chorus
Shank you with the think tank, harmony cake cut
A can of ass-whoopin', Flurry shake break, you fucks
Struck, love crooks, why for lyin hooks
Chef cocaine cook, a marvelous book
This deathbed doctrine, paper for the youth
What remains, a saber-toothed tiger in the booth


Last night, I took a trip down to Crown Heights
Fast life, females are trife, stay tight
I detect that parasite, satellite
RZA beat makes me wanna fight get hyped, come to do shows
My slang sound write secretary type
Backflip on the mic, I'm the poor black man
Workin hard for the grand, I understand clear
Don't fear, peep my new gear it's different from yours
My style drop like drawers, you see me on tours
Don't you wait to say peace, the kid from the street
Put my technology on the track, just then the core attack
Wu article, Cappa, five, CD attack
But my talk stage live killa beehive
Bermuda my life angle, rectangle gold fronts
Bring the gold bangle, never make me throw darts
Check out my arts, when I release my smarts
Hot like Pop Tarts, aim me at the charts




I was drivin' an Accord, nominated at awards
Back in the days drivin' an Accord
Run-uhhn-uuhhn-uhhn, nominated at awards
Back in the days drivin' an Accord
Everybody rise (Wu-Tang)
(This slang) You know (this rhyme) you came to America
(that's our thang)
(I hang) And took over the black woman (and her reply)
(Is slang) The black woman wanted the Judge
(They runnin' from the cops)
They run, runnin', run, runnin', runnin', runnin'
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge
Here Comes the Judge, here Comes the Judge



Here comes my Mac
I don't need this shit owned by stack
I don't need you to monitor my perimeter (I wanna )
Got me Accord, take me to judge
 Sittin' broke
Nominated at awards
Back in the days drivin' Accords
I didn't have nothing to give
I didn't have no life to live
Bastard C'Mon
Aaahhhhhhhhaahhhhhhh


Hey hey excuse me Mr. Russell Jones
Will you please calm down and tell the story?
Just the story (aheh aheh)
We want nothing else, just the story
(No disrespect Judge)
(Police-police-police)
(Police-police-police)
(Dirty ass, Dirty ass, Dirty ass)
"I come camouflaged" --] Zoo Keeper
(Dirty scorpian)
"Uh uh Judge your honor Pig Meat, sir don't you
Remember me"
"No who are you boy?"
"Well I'm the fella that introduced you to your wife"
"To my wife? Life you son of a (gun you)"


Yo, start the attack with dirt up cats that's wack
Wants to be a gun blazer but jacks the flavor tracks
I numb out frames, don't blame it on the cocaine
What is sure to be the blame is the bullets of which you obtained
Zoo or Zi Tribe and will live to be trifle
News stands everywhere shows Zoo homicidal
Extra extra read all about it
Dirt Dog's Dirty cousin kills off Franklin and Madison
This Dirty hiphop, tryna stop the raw lights
Zu shoot down on the block, I need beamie of Scotch
Block is mad hot, bad boys want their fuckin hollar
Asked for Information, got it from a bitch named Tmara
Click click, a bloaw bloaw bloaw
Wish y'all woulda crawled with her
Would have killed that bitch off, and fucked her ugly daughter
Hahaahhhahaaa


Mr. Russell Jones and Mr. Ellery Chambers
Would you please stand
The court finds you guilty as charged
I am the honorable Judge Pig Meat
No longer will you make a mockery of the justice system
The honorable Judge Pig Meat has spoken
I sentence you to life
Hahahahaha
I am the Judge, I am the Judge, I am the Judge, I am the Judge
I am the Judge, I am the Judge, I am the Judge, I am the Judge
I am the Judge!




I wanna stay high in the clouds
I wanna keep plenty of pussy around
I'm gonna keep puttin' in bullets in pocket
Just in case, it's goin' down
I'm a Brooklyn soldier, yes, I'm is
If you lookin' for a problem, here it is
I'm worser than the cross and bones, and that's danger
I don't give a fuck, what beef it is


Now I'mma get serious, pussy don't talk, went the heat come out
Niggas sleep on Dirty, til the street come out
I like fame, but lockdown changed the nigga
Now it's all about the gauge, on the stage for nigga
Cuz haters wanna shoot, everything that shine
So I'm prepared, to lock and load my rhymes
Eat, two at a time, while my mind is bent
And dare motherfucker, come with Brook' with that
I be rollin' on the Boulevard, nothin' better rush
I'm like Big Ben with my middle finger up
Sidewalk hash, make thugs relax
Got a team that could devour your habitat
More gritty than Diddy, cause my hair's uncombed
Streets I roam, are too hot to throw on poems
Feel like every block's home, when the yay is yo
Gotta rob a motherfucker when the day is slow




Uh, pussy doctor, four-four cocker
Platinum, baby, ya'll niggas is goin' copper
I'm down in Bad Boy South with the nigga Chopper
Programmed to blow shit up, like Dennis Hopper
Hella pointed, hop out the helicopter
It's L.A.X. for the weed, it's hella proper
I rap, but still stick hoes for door knockers
And if she's persistent, block her, block her, block her
Infered, I call it the show shocker
It's M.S.G., with Jay-Z, the show stopper
And this is for them gangsta dudes, know you boppin'
That take dough, and don't take shorts for no coppers
My team are life stoppers, watch me split ya life up
Like Mekhi Phifer, in the movie "Clockers"
And just for doing the thing, they try to lock us
Wanna find me? I'm way in' the back with the pill poppers






Yeah, let's coming over here, as the Queen Latifah get


Huh?


Ya'll wanna come over here still after the Queen Latifah episode?


What happened?


You didn't hear about what happened to Queen Latifah right, on the corner?


Nah, what happened?


She got highjacked


Highjacked? What you mean somebody *car driving away noise*


She told me they took her -- they took her BMW
Carjacked, brother


Shit word? I need some action in my life
Right now
I ain't got nothing but nobody to highjack
What you gonna take, my beeper?




 What's yo' name?
What's yo' naaaaaame?
 My name is, Ol Dirty Bastard,  and I'mma Alkaholik
 Yeah me too nigga



You're now rockin' with Tha Liks so start reachin' for the ozone
I see some girls I know but y'all look different with your clothes on
What's up though, Tash came to steal it like the Grinch
While I'm leavin' niggas puzzled like I said my shit in French
But it's all Olde English that I'm bringin' from beneath
Try to bite my style on wax and watch these lyrics crack your teeth
Cause I make words Connect like West Side when I test glide
My drunken lyrical hanglider, nobody's tighter
Than a ruff rap provider, with ninety ways to peel ya
So I know the three words (Tash'll kill ya) sound familiar
I filter out the weak everytime I speak
I drink to hit the peak to make my mind go (beep)
I'm def-da-fyin', you rappin' like my client
Tryin' to scrape me for the style that slam harder than Kobe Bryant
Be quiet! This is Likwidation from the West
Motherfuck ya boozy show, I got my own special guest


Yo, yo, breaker breaker breaker one-nine
I bust this bitch in the behind with the silver shine
Cause she thought she was fine
She winked at me, I thought it was fine
This nigga Poutin, this ho' was mine
I had the alcohol in me, took my time
Let a nigga ro-tate turn on the table
Put in the diamond needle, pull it to your ego
What? You the king in the chair on my ground
The Tyson of sound, it's twenty seconds to a round
Scavenger nigga, youse a shrimp, a full line of shit
My ear can't digest it
Stop drinkin' all that motherfuckin' water, let's take it to the land
So I can Godzilla up your sheeit, Mr. Tiny Tim man
Niggas be creepin' up my beanstalk
When I start to come down on your fuckin' asses
Try to chip shit on up, get these nuts
Motherfucker WHAT!!


The Ro pimped the flow like a ho, so I should rap on the mack-raphone
My rhymes hittin' hard enough to crack a bone
I divide square MC's like math
Bend you in half and drink a Genuine Draft
I stop him, then I skied out with all wampum
When he's layin' on the ground, I let my Dog Scrilla chop him
(Switch reels) I feels its all about skills
The outcome's unbelievable like Tyson/Holyfield
Your lyrics are loaners return em to they rightful owners
My style is wild, like G's or the pistolas
No need to ask, I put you on like a ski mask
We can Fight the Power like this was P.E. class
I Bomb Squads like Hank Shock
Peace to my nigga Scott puttin' stickers on the block
*burp* I drink more Brewsters than Punky
It's the further adventures of the hip-hop drunkies


You bitches are hoes
Put it in ya neck my motherfuckin' ho
Or in your butt hole
Wherever the fuck it goes
You bitches are hoes
Put it in ya neck my motherfuckin' ho
Or in your ear hole
Wherever the fuck it goes



Yeah, yo, yo, yo
No disrespect to any architect
Who tried to perfect, oh what the heck
I'm a MC director, rhyme inspector
Rated top ten, Brooklyn borough sector


Its the Packtown original b-boy I'm rappin'
What's happenin', so dope got the pope clappin'
I'm smackin', on some chicken, what you kickin'
You trickin', while I'm vickin' hoes you stick your dick in


Step outta place, Tash'll smack your taste out your face
Cause there's nowhere to hide unless you move to outer space
Cause I waste motherfuckers like toxic fumes
So you betta (make room) when you hear the (boom boom)



Hey sugar plum, how can you assume
That the pitch of the volume, doesn't have no tune
I'm not your everyday, regular rap star peddler
One on one at your rap seminar
Beware of the Hard Way, Three's the Hard Way
At you fuckers


So aiyyo, my name is J-Ro
And my style is so dope they call it ya-yo
I don't rap fast, I love green grass
Nuttin nice on the mic, call me a mean ass



Extra da-llama, bring hahaha
Extra extra bring the da-llama
Verse a better one, then slice-a-versa
God acre, massacre murdered
Also known as a rap wrecka, not a rhyme rebel
You're just rhyme to survive streets
True beaters, minerals and rhymes survive lyrics
Like the acre without the attic, but not the only Asiatic
True God but my dick is my lightnin' rob
Ho don't kick that mumbo jumbo


See this the type of shit niggas don't try at home
I come funkin' up the spot like Micheal Jordan's cologne
With the mega drunken, style to keep the crowd pumpin'
Niggas lookin' at me like, 'Tash is up to somethin'
(Get drunk and I stumbled) but I didn't come to trip
I came to bring it to ya humb-le
Tumb-le all your plots and all your plans
Ol Dirty's in the house and that's my motherfuckin' man!


It's the Likwid crew
Comin' through with Ol Dirty from the Wu
Passin' your party, jettin' out with allt he brew
So what y'all new, niggas think you wanna do?
It's the Likwid crew
Comin' through with Ol' Dirty from the Wu
Passin' your party, jettin' out with allt he brew
So what y'all new, niggas think you wanna do?




My beats are slamming


My beats are slamming from the rugged programming
My man Bob Marley hey my man I'm jamming
You could never touch the stamina, while I'm ramming the
Hip-hop crowd makes me rrrah rrrah rrrah
Other MC's got flipped with the ease
Begging me for burnt cigar, stop the music please
No cause I'm a pro, rap to the convo
Make a crowd say ho, at a strip show
Represent, my name is Ason keep calm
Rhyme's too smoky, funky like a stink bomb
Boom, blowing up niggas better than pulling the trigger
So you betta run for cover
Niggas better loosen they ass, felt the glass
A forty ounce bottle, yo yo yo money yo pass
Woooh-woooh-woooh, I sweat it live
Is he gonna live doc?, no the nigga dies
The max-imum of MC's are populating
The min-imum of those MC's are dominating
Now all and together now, to what what who
Rhymes come stinky like a girl's poo-poo


Hippa to da hoppa and you just don't stoppa (2x)


Ahh shit, here I go once again
Rhymes get shitty from the time that I spend
I come old like toe fungus mold
Ask my grand-pop pop duke gave my soul
Then I came with that old Al Green shit
Saaa-die, taught me the ballistic
I get you blurry in your eye with a high note
Down, to the Brownsville, oops you got smoked
The shit I'm dropping is stinking up your area
When I shoot it through like a messenger carrier
I keep my breath smelling like shit so I can get
Funky baby I'm not having it




The Hellfire style!
(Sound of dragon breathing fire) Dragon Fist!
(Sound of horse neighing and running.) Horse Fist!
Bastard, I didn't know who you were!




Yo, Tony D
Tony D
Can I get some?
Tony Deeeee


Hou-ou-ou-oahhh
Help meeeee


Land of the homeless
(Land of the homeless)
Land of the homeless
(Land of the homeless)


It was late cold night and was walkin down the street
Didn't have a place to go, didn't have a place to sleep
Just creepin, to the sound of the city
God won't you help me, please have pity
For a fellow like me that's down on his luck
Do you have a dime, can you give me a buck?
So I can eat, a little bread or some meat
Gimme anything because my body is weak
You got a cigarette, blanket, it don't even matter
My life goes down as your pockets gettin fatter
Just help me to get the pain off my chest
Cause a fellow like me is homeless


Oh-ouh
Land of the homeless


Yeah
We're homeless, girllllll
Cause we're homeless
We have no place to go!


Where my life is always lonely
(Land of the homeless)


Dirt Dog don't got no home
All I got is my dog and my bone
Homeless, that's what I say
It's welfare about every day
Autograph I sign, I work for food
Gimme a coat! I'm in that mood
It's me and my shopping cart!
Fuck that shit, I ain't got no heart
I'm homeleeeeesssss


You see, I lost control, now my life is goin down
Ain't none of those so-called friends around
To help me out of the darkness now that I'm homeless
People walkin by don't wanna understand this
How I'm feelin, the way that I'm livin
Every now and then one dollar is given
From a lady, a kid, sometimes a man
I hate to keep beggin, so I hold out my hand
Drop my head to the ground, look down, and frown
I'm livin like a bum and I feel like a clown
Every day with no love is the way that I exist
That's the life of a man who's homeless


Homeleeee-yeah-aa
My sleepless nights


Where I live it's cold at night
So I put my clothes real tight
Searchin for a healing light
That's warming me
Now I lay me down to sleep
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
Forgive me God for my mistaaaaaaake


Oh-oo-oh
Land of the homeless
Why society disown me?
Wouuu, it's the
Land of the homeless
The way my life is always goin
Hoo-oh-oh


Would you please let me iiiiiinnnn?
I have nowhere to go-ooooooo
It's cold outsiiiiiide
Babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
I was born and raised in a garbage can




Oh yeah...
What what, got your money
What what, (dirty), what what
What what, (dirty), yeah, yeah


My niggas better raise it up, fruit punch in my cup, so what?
Ol' Dirty, I served my time, now I'm out and gonna have a good time
My new account is kinda different, cuz I'm 'ready spendin' all my dimes
What what, give me a check for 9, zero, zero, zero, zero
Count count 'em, muthafucka, this mine
Now, I just better finish my rhyme
Before my muthafuck' appeal come, what the fucking due line


No, sip-ping, alco-hol, at all (no way)
No, smo-king, Phil-ly, blunts, or Backwoods (no way)
No, lea-ving, the state, of New York (stay home)
It's, all good, long as I can, still feel some breasts


(And how ya feeling, Dirty?) I feel good!
(I'm glad you are) Yeah, me too!
(I wanna love you, Dirty) I wanna love you back!
(Can I get a..) baby, just, baby just, wiggle that booty!


Ahhhhh, a wiggle-wiggle, a wiggle-wiggle
Dirty...


I never will forget the way
Dame Dash, send a limo for me
(What what), signed me up for the team
VH1, caught me doing my thing
I had bitches in the limo actin' like they fucking rolling with king
Shopping sprees on Fifth Ave., backrubs, bubble baths
Ol' Dirty fucked, come, clean my ass
Now I'm straight, gotta spit for my chips
With nothing in my system that would get me incarcerated










Sing this song
Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt
Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh
Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt
Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh
Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt
Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh






Yo, Yo Miami
Yo Cali-Fornia
North East West and South motherfucka
Yo Check this out
This is Dirt Dog
I'm here to make you scream

 (x4)
Big Baby Jesus I can't wait
Nigga fuck that! I can't wait!


I ain't no actor my shit's for real
Thighmaster
If I don't get paid 2 or 3 million dollars on Monday
I'm a bring on the ARMAGEDDON!(It's Monday)
Fuck that feeling, this fo reeling
Nigga I want my own island
Make it rain, hail, storm and earthquake
UHHHH! That's what I'm saving!
Play that music in your trunk
The cocaine amplifies my funk
Nigga I'm from the ghetto
How many celebrities from the ghetto?
(Dirty your crazy, I'm crazy about your music
Dirty your crazy, you're a nutcase you're a fucking nutcase)

 (x4)
Big Baby Jesus I can't wait
Nigga fuck that! I can't wait!


AIDS, chickenpox, flu, and night fever
Cancer, herpes, mumps, and seizures
Diabetes, TB if you're against me
You die easier!
Cops don't have a show whatsoever
Ain't no more doctors, ministers
Nurses can't give us searches
There won't be electric, won't be churches
Cause your body go against you
Whether it's a lie or whether it's true
You can't use violent mentalities anymore
It ain't lambskin
You can't use the word napkin
Nigga ya sleeping

 (x3)
Big Baby Jesus I can't wait
Nigga fuck that! I can't wait!


Hold on Hold on Hold on
HAHAHAHAH


I'm diplomatic playing pen and pad
Ratatat you're a scaredy-cat
Cause I have a tat put you up like that
You can't stand that, cause you gotta scat
You couldn't even move
Don't know how to groove
BITCH TAKE OFF YOUR SHOES
Stink up the room
Motherfucker you knew!
Fucking with the doo
Dirt Dog don't mean to be rude

 (x8)
Big Baby Jesus I can't wait
Nigga fuck that! I can't wait!


I want to give a shoutout to FunkMaster Flex
And all the DJs across the world
I want to give a shoutout to my nigga Luke
I want to give a shoutout to my nigga Suge Knight
To my nigga Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg
I want to give a shoutout to um,um, what's them niggas, Outkast
I want to give a shoutout to them crazy niggas
In parts of the world that I never been too
I want to give a shoutout to the Eskimos
I want to give a shoutout to the submarines
I want to give a shoutout to the army, air force, navy marines
Know what I'm saying? Y'all playing my music
In the submarines and the boats
Play that shit know what I'm saying?
It's called traveling music busting ya ass style
Yo Big Baby Jesus, know what I'm saying it's one love
I give a shout out to all the women
I give a shout out to all the babies
All the munchkins
All across the world playin' hopskotch
I want to give a shoutout to all the school teachers
I give a shout out to um, um, myself

 (x3)
Big Baby Jesus I can't wait
Nigga fuck that! I can't wait!


Big Baby Jesus
I give a shout out to the Wu-Tang, Tang, Tang, Tang...
The Brooklyn Zoo




Royal Flush, Dirt McGirt
And we don't give a fuck whose in here tonight
Somebody's gon' get shot, bastards!


If ya'll want war (ya'll want war?)
Let's get it on (let's get it on)
Cuz we don't care (ya'll know we don't care)
Where ya'll from (wherever ya'll from)


Yo, you go one shot, two shot, three shot, four
That's how I'm soundin' when I'm shootin' down your door
Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight
That's for all them niggas, that I catch at the wait
Nine shot, ten shot, eleven shot, twelve
Them four shots, gonna keep me outta jail
I be, damned if I fail, BK know me well
And take your precint to war, before I take a fall


Y'all don't really wanna fuck with us
Cuz you know we gon' shoot shit up
Don't waste bullets on your house and truck
Wait til' we see you, then we hit you up




And I ain't got no time, to talk to none of ya'll niggas
You tough, then you get shot, you turn to snitchers
And them niggas that you runnin' with, become your witness
Man, I'm good with my aim, dog, I hit you from a distance
No, look, this is the difference, like special ed., you on a mission
Too eager to glisten, when your mom talked you should of listened
Take out the trash, do the dishes, now she gotta bury a son
Got hit with a gun, just convicted homicide








Killah Priest... King Masada
Landed on a sick canvas
Now I roam this dead planet, head bandaged
Insane, preachin God's commandment, feel me


I move through the dark regions, and won't stop
'til we even, until you bleedin, until you stop breathin
Givin careers a severe beatin for emceeing
It's something that I don't take lightly
How the fuck you ever invite me to a duel?
I drool before I break fool, then I drag MC's
Beat em down to they knees, grab your necks and squeeze
Till there's no life left, they lifeless
Then micless, what a crisis
I give them a good night's rest
I break they biceps, and triceps, thighs and necks
Breast area is the best area
Before I bury ya, I make sure that you never ever, ever, ever try that shit no more
KnowhatI'msayin? (Word is bond!)
Your ambition put you in that fucked up condition
Leave you with your own conviction, shit was not fiction
Now you in a state of non-fiction
Make you beg for mercy if you ever approach me
I blow your head off when I talk, chop off your arms
And bash your head in, you know where this shit is headin
For a dead-end, stop your sweatin
Like Otis Reading, got your pants wettin
Snuck up on you at your wedding, at your honeymoon
Turn that shit into doom
Turn your rap cassettes into your fucking caskets
You God damn bastards
Lyrics I mastered, rhymes burns like acid


I'm complete analyzer of your entire eye
Gave you no time to crawl, so walk on by
I'm the insect in your pie, the hair to your lie
The good to your bye; your question to your why?
The wing to your fly, low to your high
The Dirt Dog, I be the God; the tear to your cry
I drop in it, cleanse the Earth's
My place to birth strong, gave me the eye


The fatal brave to grave, the ceremonies from religious cults half man and half goat
Tomorrow hopes, based on the horoscopes
We followed goats, our nose and hella smoke
Fire breathin dragons, I rubbed the gold lantern
To the see the future through the crystal ball
The triple walls of fisher wants to miss the fall
Offense see the coffin often
I fell at the doorstop coughin, I heard the pipe organ (cough)
Saw some men of a white origin
I saw Bill Clinton, Ronald Reagan and George Bush
Barefoot, sucking from the titties of a wolf
Upon the brazen altar
Six men offer their only daughter splashing holy water
I ran for the, camcorders, now I'm plagued with curses
I roam the Earth's surface, snatchin purses
Allergic to catholic churches, what's the purpose
Religious worship, is worthless
I visit ancient sanctuaries, where the saints were married
But now they buried cause of Satan's fury, I faced the jury
Held in court like Christ nailed to a cross
Confront my knowledge like Christ in front of Pontius Pilate
Days of violent, standing in a haunted palace
The government wants my wallet

 (x2)
I'm complete analyzer of your entire eye
Gave you no time to crawl, so walk on by
I'm the insect in your pie, the hair to your lie
The good to your bye; your question to your why?
The wing to your fly, low to your high
The Dirt Dog, I be the God; the tear to your cry
I drop in it, cleanse the Earth's
My place to birth strong, gave me the eye


If you don't know... now you know
Killah Priest, now you know



Yo momma
She pull up on in the street
Nasty she said I smell defeat huh


Alright y'all, 100 grand says I get it in one take
Thats right baby, one take Dave
One take Dizzle
Here we go


She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic

She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic


Trust me, It's something 'bout the way I touch her
The way that I hold her, the way I clutch her
She move a lot but that ain't shit to me
Man, I need that bitch and that bitch need me
I ain't even talking bout R-A-P
Them other lames be the same
Them don't worry me
Sit back
I spit that shit that
Get better then
Make a veteran sit back
Cruisin', mic check one twosin'
If y'all not us, then that's why y'all losin'
Eight up
No time to wake up
No masquerade nigga move the maker
Just do it
Put the hop in to it
And when you lose it
Don't blame the music
Half y'all fell in love with a whore
The question is if you don't love her
What you fucking her for, nigga


She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic

Baby!

She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic


Yeah, What the fuck's the problem
Y'all it's Lee Marvin
My squad more thicker than some hemoglobin
I scare y'all quicker than a mean ol' goblin
Ain't no bullshit me and my amigos poppin'
Huh?
We get started ain't gon' be no stopping
You gonna jump because it ain't gon' be no option
I'm totally contagious
Black man engaged in language
Black Thought AKA Larry Davis huh?
Got rhymes running off the pages
Tighter than the Bushes with the Saudi Arabians
Darker than an oil well
Sharp as a saber tooth tiger
Lying on a straight edge razor
New York talking on a two-way pager
Till ya main thing getting me the captain saver
I won't backslide cause I'd be a failure to mics
Rip tight like it's my genitalia
Huh?
The hip biatch she
Ain't your D appallin'
And a banana cognac biatch
Coney hair coat, my boots is ostreeotch
Black Inc. back, turn me up another nee-otch
Huh?


She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic

For what?

She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic


Yo, young truck
In this fucking game
And what a nigga if he wasn't in the game
I bring pain
Something to sprang
It's the big game
Nigga chick
Make me leave with the gang
You wanna talk a little shit
I make you walk with a cane
Got'em half steppin'
Like they walk the cane
Here I am
R A W raw
Chuck north
Introducing y'all
The way I 'splain things
Make your dame the same
I'm Superman to
Clark Kent to Lois Lane
Off for the paper
Y'all off for the fame
5 left of your 15 minutes of fame
I ain't go no problem causing drama to y'all
You never score
Like a punter
Running with the ball
Squeeze mics
Chuck north the man
With the myth
Signing off, yo


She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic

She want to know if we can be together
Even if it ain't gonna be forever
But it can only be for one night
The only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic


Baby
Alright y'all
Who should i make that cheque payable too
100,000 grand payable to the Roots
Yes i they deserve to die and
I hope they burn in hell




Intoxicated and I'm faded, by your honey
Why, we finally made it, got to lovin'
Money, seeds and shine
They wanna hate it, try to break it
But it's yours and mine
Nothing can change it, finally made it, so divine


Yo, I sat around the illest villains
Campaignin' while we all G off
Automatic mayors, now we ain't playin'
Wolves start scheemin', violate me in the rain
Get more respect, rob Marvin Gaye on 'em
Gold, black, beige on 'em, heavy gauge
Gettin' blazed, all that money, but he ain't even shaved
This a new flavor, bigger vets, bigger begets
Bigger papes, god damn it, nigga got saved
Three or more, two thousand four Blazers
Lookin' good, it's all hood, just analyze amazed
Peace, let's mozy and swaze', y'all
Then count real bank and thank 'em, hit me on the page, what




Yo, I was born on the same day as Dr. Seuss
Plenty of friends, henny and gin, who got the juice?
Let's get drunk, in this motherfucker, let's get pumped
I need that funk, like I ain't took a bath in a month
You can find me where the thugs be at, club be at
A fact, I love women, cuz they love me back
The name's Johnny, they used to call me sucker for love
But now I'm grimey, cops searchin' motherfuckers for drugs
Give me that buzz, that calm a nigga, dimes and doves
At four twenty, when niggas knew what time it was
A shot of Remy, in my system, I'm buzzed
Then baby, I ain't just a little war from unplugged
Haha, you know I, crack myself up, sometimes with no excuses
Like every nigga that done time, I didn't do it
Meth the Magnificent, not Jeff
I see the game done gone imputent, soft and suspect




Yo, silence on Smith with six shots, lick shots
Leave ya head like a Shaolin monk with six dots
Hit a gush, twistin' a sweet switcher
In search for Bobby the Digital, bitch, not Bobby Fisher
Head full, with a Grey Goose and Redbull
I came for, a beer, weed, plus a bed full
Of dimepiece, model type bitches, who mind they business
Blow my dick, like birthday cake wishes
My warrior's scornful, hard to respond to
Dirt McGirt, be sailin' boat and in Honolulu
Brooklyn Zu, wild like Chaka Zulu
Brooklyn Zu, shots will go right through you
Touch me in Cali, or the streets of Mauwi
In the two thousand six pitch black Audi
Drivin' by bitches, I'm like howdy
Doody, to you some beauty bitches crowd me






Intoxicated and I'm faded, by your honey
Why, we finally made it, got to lovin'
Money, seeds and shine
They want to hate it, try to break it
But it's yours and mine
Nothing can change it, finally made it, so divine


Yo, I sat around the illest villains
Campaignin' while we all G off
Automatic mayors, now we ain't playin'
Wolves start scheemin', violate me in the rain
Get more respect, rob Marvin Gaye on 'em
Gold, black, beige on 'em, heavy gauge
Gettin' blazed, all that money, but he ain't even shaved
This a new flavor, bigger vets, bigger begets
Bigger papes, god damn it, nigga got saved
Three or more, two thousand four Blazers
Lookin' good, it's all hood, just analyze amazed
Peace, let's mozy and swaze', y'all
Then count real bank and thank 'em, hit me on the page, what



Yo, I was born on the same day as Dr. Seuss
Plenty of friends, henny and gin, who got the juice?
Let's get drunk, in this motherfucker, let's get pumped
I need that funk, like I ain't took a bath in a month
You can find me where the thugs be at, club be at
A fact, I love women, 'cause they love me back
The name's Johnny, they used to call me sucker for love
But now I'm grimey, cops searchin' motherfuckers for drugs
Give me that buzz, that calm a nigga, dimes and doves
At four twenty, when niggas knew what time it was
A shot of Remy, in my system, I'm buzzed
Then baby, I ain't just a little war from unplugged
Haha, you know I, crack myself up, sometimes with no excuses
Like every nigga that done time, I didn't do it
Meth the Magnificent, not Jeff
I see the game done gone imputent, soft and suspect



Yo, silence on Smith with six shots, lick shots
Leave ya head like a Shaolin monk with six dots
Hit a gush, twistin' a sweet switcher
In search for Bobby the Digital, bitch, not Bobby Fisher
Head full, with a Grey Goose and Redbull
I came for, a beer, weed, plus a bed full
Of dimepiece, model type bitches, who mind they business
Blow my dick, like birthday cake wishes
My warrior's scornful, hard to respond to
Dirt McGirt, be sailin' boat and in Honolulu
Brooklyn Zu, wild like Chaka Zulu
Brooklyn Zu, shots will go right through you
Touch me in Cali, or the streets of Mauwi
In the two thousand six pitch black Audi
Drivin' by bitches, I'm like howdy
Doody, to you some beauty bitches crowd me





(featuring Macy Gray, Method Man & Raekwon)


Intoxicated and I'm faded, by your honey
Why, we finally made it, got to lovin'
Money, seeds and shine
They wanna hate it, try to break it
But it's yours and mine
Nothing can change it, finally made it, so divine


Yo, I sat around the illest villains
Campaignin' while we all G off
Automatic mayors, now we ain't playin'
Wolves start scheemin', violate me in the rain
Get more respect, rob Marvin Gaye on 'em
Gold, black, beige on 'em, heavy gauge
Gettin' blazed, all that money, but he ain't even shaved
This a new flavor, bigger vets, bigger begets
Bigger papes, god damn it, nigga got saved
Three or more, two thousand four Blazers
Lookin' good, it's all hood, just analyze amazed
Peace, let's mozy and swaze', y'all
Then count real bank and thank 'em, hit me on the page, what



Yo, I was born on the same day as Dr. Seuss
Plenty of friends, henny and gin, who got the juice?
Let's get drunk, in this motherfucker, let's get pumped
I need that funk, like I ain't took a bath in a month
You can find me where the thugs be at, club be at
A fact, I love women, cuz they love me back
The name's Johnny, they used to call me sucker for love
But now I'm grimey, cops searchin' motherfuckers for drugs
Give me that buzz, that calm a nigga, dimes and doves
At four twenty, when niggas knew what time it was
A shot of Remy, in my system, I'm buzzed
Then baby, I ain't just a little war from unplugged
Haha, you know I, crack myself up, sometimes with no excuses
Like every nigga that done time, I didn't do it
Meth the Magnificent, not Jeff
I see the game done gone imputent, soft and suspect



Yo, silence on Smith with six shots, lick shots
Leave ya head like a Shaolin monk with six dots
Hit a gush, twistin' a sweet switcher
In search for Bobby the Digital, bitch, not Bobby Fisher
Head full, with a Grey Goose and Redbull
I came for, a beer, weed, plus a bed full
Of dimepiece, model type bitches, who mind they business
Blow my dick, like birthday cake wishes
My warrior's scornful, hard to respond to
Dirt McGirt, be sailin' boat and in Honolulu
Brooklyn Zu, wild like Chaka Zulu
Brooklyn Zu, shots will go right through you
Touch me in Cali, or the streets of Mauwi
In the two thousand six pitch black Audi
Drivin' by bitches, I'm like howdy
Doody, to you some beauty bitches crowd me






Ahh ahh, I never saw so many people tonight
I mean y'all all got it crowded up in here and that's good
I'm glad that y'all givin it up for him, y'all givin it up for him
That's good -- y'all make me want to cry or somethin
Alright ladies and gentleman, tonight is a special night
For one thing let me introduce myself my name is Mr. Russell Jones
Excuse me for that one I had to let that one low ahh-hahhh
And tonight, you're going to see something that you never seen before
Somethin that, that nobody in the history of rap ever set theyself to do
This fuckin guy, that I speak to you about, is somethin' crazy
He's somethin' insane, he's the greatest performer every-since
Uhh, what's the guys name? (Ol' Dirty!!)
Ahh, da, ahh, James Brown, he's bad, and he's a cool guy
And you'll really need him, I mean need to really get to know him
Ladies and gentleman, from all houses, to all towns
From the moons of Pluto, back down to earth
Ladies and gentleman, one more time, give it up for
The Old Dirty Doggy, I mean, the Ol' Dirty Bastard
I love that guy!
(Ol' Dirty!)


Yes, how y'all doin' out there?
I wanted y'all to know that tonight is a special night
Cause I'm happy to be living, you know
A nigga tried to shoot me down and shit
You know and, I don't know man it just feel good to be here man
YouknowhatI'msayin?
And I wanna let all y'all know I love you man, I love all y'all
You know, but *sniff* but I really came here tonight *sniff*
For one reason *sniff*, just cause *sniff* I don't need to cry
I don't need to cry, dub you can play that shit man, play it man
I'm tired of this shit, remember the time I told y'all
When I got burnt, gonorrhea
Well this bitch, there's a new bitch goddamnit
Ohh, bitch burnt me again with gonorrhea
So I didn't get burnt one time I got burnt actually two times
When you really look at it
Yeah, I love the girl but I had to cut the bitch off
Yeah the bitch died, I killed the bitch
She suffered a long pain bitchy ass go bitch had to go
I I knew the bitch for ten minutes of her life
But the pussy was good! Yes the pussy was good!
I just want you to know girl!
That I dedicated, this song, well this song really was written
By Blowfly, and I want all y'all to hear this shit
It's just a poem that I writ for you girl *paper crinkles*

*singing*
The first time, ever you sucked my dick - Thank you thank you!
I felt, the earth tremble, under my balls
Somethin' shot out of me real fast
First time

Nah I'm just kidding witch'all
How y'all feelin, listen to the album cuz it's BANGIN


We have only thirty-five chambers, there is no thirty-six
I know that, but, I want to create a new chamber
Oh? And what would that be?




Yo, I got love for you girls
All my Sweet Sugar Pies
This is dedicated to you


Hey baby what's your name? Look at your whole frame
Compliment me on my chain, she bling it so I did the same
Where we goin' from here? Lets smoke and drink in Belvedere
Askin' me about my peers, where I been for all these years
Starin' at my car yeah, notice money round here
Please baby show your speed, nuff talk about me
Where you work? What's your hobby?
Married, or got kids to some bonnie
Famous for karate
What's your number, call you probably
Waited for a week ot two, didn't see what we gon' do
Came through, new car XL on them 22's
Knock and marry, straight to her I wanna hit it badly
Then she startin' barkin', said "first we gotta get married"
I hate this bitch, all I wanna do is hit the nappy
Gassed her head up, tell her anything tha make her happy
Straight to the hotel, she suck dick and fuck well
Asked me for my house number, I gave her Ol' Dirty's cell


When I'm sippin' on the henny, make me wanna fuck
Wanna fuck, wanna fuck
When I'm thinkin' of them bitches I don't fall in
Love, fall in love, fall in love
All I ever do is get high and fuck, bust some nut, bust some nut
ODB and Royal Flush don't give a fuck, bitches what?


If a girl is a slut, with a hole in her butt
Who used to be a meaty-bone puppy cow little mutt
Came to my house smellin' like trout
I said, "Doggie doggie get the fuck out!!"
Let me tell you about the rash from the neck
It's enough to put the ring around the collar in check
She's nothin' but a bitch other known as a witch
With an irritating itch from trying to switch
Strung out ass, foggin' up glass
Tellin' all the niggas tell that the bitch first class
Smoke a bag of hash from all the shit she stashed
First she had to play the collar just to made that cash
Pull down her panties then scratch that rat
Tear up the whiff, that appear 
Tryna get slayed, got the Tabernacle Prayer
The only thing holy was her shitty underwear


When I'm sippin' on the henny, make me wanna fuck
Wanna fuck, wanna fuck
When I'm thinkin' of them bitches I don't fall in
Love, fall in love, fall in love
All I ever do is get high and fuck, bust some nut, bust some nut
ODB and Royal Flush don't give a fuck, bitches what?


Head anytime I want it, C-O 600
World my state stuttin', girls come in diamond dozen
Fuck hard, niece and cousins, doin' what your niggas wouldn't
Fattin' like the white guttin', 85 I put my foot in
Buck Scotties still pimpin', stay puttin' long dick in
White pussy our commission, hit it while you when out fishin'
Dog I be fuckin' bitches, while you be duckin' stitches
And don't think cause I'm a mack I won't buck at bitches
Mad cause my chain is bigger, rims look a little thicker
Lifetstyle's alot richer, you actin' like low hitchin'
Get a heater on my strippers, maybe y'all gon' hit it
No rhymin', dance in a minute
Cause everybody that I popped tonight at least had 3 E's in it..
3 E's in it


When I'm sippin' on the henny, make me wanna fuck
Wanna fuck, wanna fuck
When I'm thinkin' of them bitches I don't fall in
Love, fall in love, fall in love
All I ever do is get high and fuck, bust some nut, bust some nut
ODB and Royal Flush don't give a fuck, bitches what?
When I'm sippin' on the henny, make me wanna fuck
Wanna fuck, wanna fuck
When I'm thinkin' of them bitches I don't fall in
Love, fall in love, fall in love
All I ever do is get high and fuck, bust some nut, bust some nut
ODB and Royal Flush don't give a fuck, bitches what?



Stink hoes (repeat 6X)

I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free
You can not have my money
I want pussy for free, look, I want pussy for free
I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free (for freeeeeeeee)

I ain't givin none of y'all girls money shit fuck y'all
Love ya but fuck ya let bounce this ball
Screwface you bitches, voodoo on y'all
He wont slip, wont trip, wont ever fall
Bitch, you obey me, you better not betray me
Be calling no cop saying this is his baby!

Pussy for free, baby, I don't want none of yall havin my money
I want pussy

Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Right, Right
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Right Right
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
Bitch and I ain't gonna protect y'all bitch
Alright? Yeah



Stink hoes
Stink hoes
Stink hoes
Stink hoes
Stink hoes
Stink hoes

I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free
You can not have my money
I want pussy for free, look, I want pussy for free
I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free (for free)

I ain't givin' none of y'all girls money shit fuck y'all
Love ya but fuck ya let bounce this ball
Screw face ya bitches put food on y'all
He won't slip, won't trip, won't ever fall
Bitch you better obey me, better not betray me
Callin' the cops sayin' this is his baby

Pussy for free, baby, I don't want none of y'all havin' my money
I want pussy

Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Right, Right
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
Right Right
Yeah my momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
My momma can not protect y'all
Bitch and I ain't gonna protect y'all bitch
Alright? Yeah




Yo this is Dirt McGirt
I'm chilling with Kanye West
He's killing y'all niggas on the beats
He's killing y'all niggas on the tracks
Where your plaques at dog
The game is officially over
Go kill yourself


Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka


Now y'all gon' stop talking that shit that you talking
Your broke-ass mamma couldn't afford that abortion
Now tell me how the hell she gon' afford that coffin
Now I done sat back and seen it all too often
The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins
Most hits out the Chi since Sosa and Andre Dawson
My niggas had Pro Tools, I had no tools
Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school
Only difference is my tracks drove niggas postal
So I drove costal while they stay local
How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you
Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters, dog
Niggas had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball
I'll see you at the awards
Now after all that it took, I made it to The Roc
I guess I ain't as dumb as you look




Now I showed you how to do this, dog
Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself
I heard you niggas' tapes, need a little bit of help
But I'm rapping and I can't do nothing for you man
Ask G and Hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam
I mean, if you ain't Hov if you ain't Cam
Damn I know you say he's killing hisself
He got a little bitty deal now he feeling hisself
Yup just cause I played beats and act hospitable
Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you
I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you
So play like a kid in the garden and get little you
Who your hype man, I'm curious
It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious
Here go a new movie for you critics called "Who's Laughing?"
The first producer that rap better than the rappers




Aftermath still making them hits, nigga
Lunatics still making them hits, nigga
So So Def still making them hits, nigga
Bad Boy still making them hits, nigga
Wu-Tang still making them hits, nigga
Ruff Ryders still making them hits, nigga
Cash Money still making them hits, nigga
Dirt McGirt still making them hits, nigga
Yo yo the game is over, go kill yourself
Go yourself nigga
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more



OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!

Yo this is Dirt McGirt, I'm chillin' wit Kanye West
He's killin' y'all niggas on the beats
He's killin' y'all niggas on the tracks
(Where ya plaques at dog?)
The game is officially over!
Go kill yaself!

Now take that equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore?
Guess not mothafucka, it's The Roc mothafucka!
Keep the Receipt mothafuckas!
Now y'all gon' stop talkin' that shit that you talkin'
Your broke-ass mamma couldn't afford that abortion
Now tell me how the Hell so gon' afford that coffin?
Now I done sat back and seen it all too often
The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins
Most hits out the shot since Sosa and Andre Dawson
My niggas had Pro Tools, I had no tools
Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school
Only difference is my tracks drove niggas postal
So I drove costal while they stay local
How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you?
Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters
Dog, niggas had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball
I'll see you at the awards.. HUMPH!
Now after all that it took
I made it to The Roc, I'm guess I ain't as dumb as you look


Now.. I showed you how to do this, dog
Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself
I heard you nigga's tapes, need a little bit of help
But I'm rappin' and I can't do nothin' for ya, man
S.G'll hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam
I mean, if you ain't Hov', if you ain't Cam'
Damn, I know you say he's killin' hisself
He got a little bitty deal now he feelin' hisself
Yup, just 'cause I played beats and act hospitable
Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you
I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you
So play like a kid in the garden and get little you
Who ya hype man? I'm curious
It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious
You goin' through movin' critters, now who's laughin'?
The best producer that rap better than the rappers


Aftermath still makin' them hits, nigga?
Lunatics still makin' them hits, nigga?
So So Def still makin' them hits, nigga?
Bad Boy still makin' them hits, nigga?
Wu-Tang still makin' them hits, nigga?
Ruff Ryders still makin' them hits, nigga?
(Cash Money) still makin' them hits, nigga?
Dirt McGirt still makin' them hits, nigga
Yo yo the game is over, go kill yaself!
Go kill yaself.. nigga!
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more!




Let me tell y'all all something motherfuckers
(Oh you complaining about that man?)
Yeah them motherfuckers belong to us
Straight up, tell all ya'll motherfucking hoes
Ya'll motherfuckers know what's the fucking time
You think we don't love you motherfuckers?
Run in to the motherfucking courts with all that bullshit motherfuka
I'm letting all ya'll motherfuckers know
I'm getting tired a that shit
You motherfucking triple breed motherfuckers
Bitches we love you motherfucka


Bobby Digi, Bob Digital shit is critical
Laid the fuck up inside the hospital
It's a riddle of a sphinx bitch had me jinx wid hijinx
Cuban linx snatched from my neck
It was the sex
This 12 ounce bottle of Beck's had me drunk
One night laid up wit the Ol' Dirt and ten bags of skunk
Just met this ho last month
Lookin' like a Benz with a woofer in the trunk
I pushed up like a push-up stick
One hand up near my cheek the other hand was holdin' my dick
I said "Power equal.. Boo!"
Where's your people? I be Bobby D-I-G-I-tal
(Is that right?) Word, and exact
Girl you got a smile that a make a nigga heart crack
(For real?) Word, ya grill like a thousand dollar bill
Close your eyes count to three and click you heels
And we could end up at my place face to face
Butt-naked I'll invade your inner space
*Sniff* Straight up boo
Damn I can taste it!
One drop of sperm the God wouldn't waste it
Over the quilt
I rather put it inside you so your breast be filled with milk
And we could lay up
And I could squeeze until it tilts
My house built on stilts is bangin' like the Hilton
Look, now how you feelin' gimme some feeback boo cause I need that
(Look Bobby where's the beer and the weed at?)
What girl? shit I got more than a little
She set me up for the kiss of the black widow


You couldn't get a flick of the hype outfit
Cause the way that I'mma dress this style is mad wild
Enough to make a crowd of women scream Oww!
Whether at a party or just in bed
Or thoughts of Ason bitch keep that in your head
My beats are funky my rhymes is funky
Sometimes I say well motherfucka what's the recipe?
I don't know! I ask my mama, she don't know!
Go ask ya poppa....
It's all about me in the place to be
Nigga you all that uhhh....
Motherfucka that shit is jinxed it's mad
Motherfucking game and it's a God-damn shame
How many motherfuckas wanna know this name, Ason
Yo I LOCK ON pass the break!
Shake and motivate, stimulate


By this wiz that you dying to have in your clutch
Fall in love like a drug
Call out into her love flood
Fuckin' so much, dunn you'll only bust blood
Caught inside the scud-missle grip like tissue
.....Now I'm laid up inside the hospital
Bobby Digital's on critical
Cause the testicles is drained

Huh huh
Nah I ain't doing it right, right?
Huh



Let me tell y'all all something motherfuckers
(Oh you complaining about that man?)
Yeah, them motherfuckers belong to us
Straight up, tell all ya'll motherfucking hoes

Ya'll motherfuckers know what's the fucking time
You think we don't love you motherfuckers?
Run in to the motherfucking courts
With all that bullshit, motherfuka

I'm letting all ya'll motherfuckers know
I'm getting tired a that shit
You motherfucking triple breed motherfuckers
Bitches we love you motherfucka

Bobby Digi, Bob Digital shit is critical
Laid the fuck up inside the hospital
It's a riddle of a sphinx bitch had me jinx wid hijinx
Cuban links snatched from my neck, it was the sex

This 12 ounce bottle of bex had me drunk
One night laid up wit the Ol' Dirt and ten bags of skunk
Just met this hoe last month
Lookin' like a Benz with a woofer in the trunk

I pushed up like a push-up stick
One hand up near my cheek the other hand was holdin' my dick
I said, "Power equal, boo"
RZA people, I be Bobby D-I-G-I too

(Is that right?)
Word and exact
Girl you got a smile that a make a nigga heart crack
(For real?)
Word to grill like a thousand dollar bill
Close your eyes count to three and click you heels

And we could end up at my place face to face
Butt naked I'll invade your inner space
Straight up boo, damn I can taste it
One drop of sperm the God wouldn't waste it

Over the quilt
I rather put it inside you so your breast be filled with milk
And we could lay up and I could squeeze until it tilts
My house built on stilts is bangin' like the Hilton

Look how you feelin', gimme some feeback boo 'cause I need that
(Look Bobby, where's the beer and the weed at?)
Look girl, shit I got more than a little
She set me up for the kiss of the black widow

You couldn't get a flick of the hype outfit
'Cause the way that I'ma dress this style is mad wild
Enough to make a crowd of women scream, oww

Whether at a party or just in bed
Or thoughts of Ason bitch keep that in your head
My beats are funky my rhymes are spunky
Sometimes I say, "Well motherfucka, what's the recipe?"

I don't know I ask my ma, she don't know
Go ask ya poppa
It's all about me in the place to be
Nigga you all that, uhh

Motherfucka that shit is due it's mad
Motherfucking game and it's a goddamn shame
How many motherfuckas wanna know this name, Ason
Yo I lock on, pass the break, shake and motivate, stimulate

By this ways that you dying you have in your clutch
Fall in love like a drug, call out into her love flood
Fuck her so much dunn you'll only bust blood

Caught inside the scud missle grip like tissue
Now I'm laid up inside the hospital
Bobby Digital's on critical 'cause the testicles is drained

Huh, huh
Nah, I ain't doing it right, right?
Huh




This recordin is Dirty and it's Stinkin
Funkier than Peppi Le Pew so I was thinkin, about
Droppin this single on the charts, lettin ya know
Hey, the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being
Dope, but in my last jam, niggas slept on my notes
You thought that I was weak? Huh? Let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet
So listen mister, don't you ever forget
The rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it
With Comet, for even Wolrex, some tried Ajax
Only mix with the best, forty-eight tracks
Yo, I get down with the Ason sounds
Lyrics that be flowin from miles around
So let the music shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut
Now I make ya fall to ya butt


Ho-ho-hold up, Master Fool
Takin' it on down, jugga-jugga-ju
Fall on ya butt, ya ass gon' hurt
They call us WINGWORM cuz we mastered this dirt
I act like a drunk but I'm out for the dough
I mastered the funk, Dirt mastered the ho's
Only Master play the Fool, I worked hard and paid my dues
Tony Snatcher played the fool
And man meater eater played the bone
I come in the club with no ID
They gon' have to close the club up messin wit me
Up.. Dirty and Stinkin stuff
It's that Dirty dick NUH with the Stinkin nuts
Last Call now drink it up
Me and Dirt want a pound for some Stinkin stuff


Last Call for alcohol, everybody out the bar
Get ya back up off the wall
People.. ohh.. ohh.. people.. ohh.. ohh


Yo, let me continue, verse number two
Style is wild, dirty and stinkin like doo-doo
If ya hangin around, ya changed ya mind
It is a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme
I sit down and I say to myself, "Self
Yo, are you rated top the shelf?"
I drop the single for you to get a dose of
As I lay back like a pillow on a sofa
Gettin paid? Yeah right, Willy
Why askin me, G? What? What? What? What? You know me
My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee
Taste like a forty, Stinkin like Old-E


Fool in this bitch, where the fuck is the drinks?
No open bar!?! Where the fuck is the drinks?
That bitch over there with her man tuckin his link
All strip club bitches straight clutchin his mink
Niggas official, big guns, wavin the pistol
My dogs lookin for the brew now we bitin the gristle
(Stop fuckin with them guns son you playin too much)
Catch a charge drinkin bro', I ain't playin too rough
Fucks! Lay in the cuts and hug the butts
Grab a big five whether you a scrub or not
Robbery, robbery, pop, pop, poppin like a Glock
Robbery, robbery, drop, drop, drop it like it's hot




Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo
Heard Master singin that shit?
Stinkin blue Palmaid..
Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo..




Turn it up!


One nigga, two nigga, three nigga, four
One of you niggas is about to get fucked up
It's the Ol' Dirt McGirt, live and uncut
Live and uncut, ready to bust some nut
Like when I first came home, I boned Simone
Fucked her so hard, pussy started to groan
Seven in the morn', woked up and yawned
The bitch scrambled my eggs, she wrote me a song
(Sing it!) It's all because of Dirt Dog
That the reason I took my skirt off
You went away -- now I'm back with The Roc
And this is where the bullshit stop
Plus these voices in my head, want me to go back
Pick up your guns, don't take your Prozac
Ritalin, Codelin, Zoloft, cocaine
Wu-Tang, nigga, it's the new John Coltrane


Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man
If you can't do it, then no one can
(Mr. McGirt, gonna get you dirty
Lift up yah skirt, I'm gonna get you dirty)
Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man
If you can't do it, then no one man
(It's The Roc in the house, gonna get you dirty
The Wu-Tang Clan gonna get you dirty)


Enough to make a nigga, go crazy
Shut down the Grammy's, ask my grammy
Wu-Tang for the kids, but your host can't stand me
Wu-Tang for the kids, bust them off for family
Catch me on Disney (ma, who is he?)
Down Dirty, stinky, grime and grizzly
Old man McGirt, lookin' under your skirt
Fucked the pussy til' it's orange, like Ernie and Bert
Like, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up
She said, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up
Meth got the weed, we can burn it up
I told the D.J., nigga, turn it up
I want a girl that help me take my medication
Or I don't end up at the police station
I don't wanna go back to the police station
They tried to send Dirt on a long vacation






Turn it up!


One nigga, two nigga, three nigga, four
One of you niggas is about to get fucked up
It's the Ol' Dirt McGirt, live and uncut
Live and uncut, ready to bust a nut
Like when I first came home, I boned Simone
Fucked her so hard, pussy started to groan
Seven in the morn', woked up and yawned
The bitch scrambled my eggs, she wrote me a song
(Sing it!) It's all because of Dirt Dog
That the reason I took my skirt off
You went away -- now I'm back with (what?)
And this is where the bullshit stop
Plus these voices in my head, want me to go back
Pick up your guns, don't take your Prozac
Ritalin, Codelin, Zoloft, cocaine
Wu-Tang, nigga, it's the new John Coltrane (hahahaha)


Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man
If you can't do it, then no one can
(Mr. McGirt, gonna get you dirty
Lift up your skirt, I'm gonna get you dirty)
Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man
If you can't do it, then no one man
(It's the (what) in the house, gonna get you dirty
The Wu-Tang Clan gonna get you dirty)


I hopped on the scene, spit sixteen bars lean
Cross your face like a smear of Mabeline
Wet jeans, get rised, ecstatic clean
Is it cuz my sex feel like you on morphine
They-they think, I'm so much
I talk tough, burn your mouth and handcuffs
Makin' hits, I'm making paper, cake it up
Lookin' haters in the face, like 'nigga what?'
Now scream, how many of these muthafuckas respect me
Cuz I'm the only chick who freak any beat
So pack it up, with that O.D.B
Oh, it's a bad bitch...
Shame on a nigga, who, who tried, to run game
On a nigga, like a gold digger
I pull my trigger, I bet my gun bigger
Now how ya'll figure, that's how ya die quicker


A Son, what? what?




Die, drin', die, come on
This is strictly for the radio
Yo... can't stop...




*Popa Chief singing "Do or die, do or die, do or die
Do or die" throughout intro*
(What's your move bitch nigga?)
Suttin' ain't goin' down like that
I ain't lettin' niggas know they ain't know
(what's goin' on in yo life
How you gonna get what you ain't got?
You know what I'm sayin'?) You ain't gonna get it
(Yeah) That's the way it's goin' down
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Fuckers are around



Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?
Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?


Niggas waitin' for hook up, get shook up
Never get your weight off and do a push up
You smokin' all my purple kush up
Don't make me push and rook up
Get you touched up, I lift my wrist up, yup, yup
Now niggas know Lil' Diggs, only twice wore a suit
Had sex in a group with a couple of bitches dance for loot
See I'mma tell them niggas about spendin' all they loot
Partyin' and trickin' on bitches and don't recoup
I got my own version of roots
Cracker ass nigga pickin' cotton and polishin' my Brooklyn Zoo boots
The new news is Brooklyn Zoo
Sunz and Two On Da Road, Blue, Crazy Cuffie Fam too


Yo, I ain't tryin' to be on no forever broke shit
So I made myself eatin' these streets where blood leak
Me and my whole fleet smoke trees, blow heat, roll unique
Do or die tactics, and keep us sharp on our feet, meak
And all we do is make classics, CCF, the Unit
Dirt Dog, the Zoo, Ghetto Government, get your ratchet
95% of them niggas is faggots, and I've had it up to here
See our face this year, appear
On your TV screen, we stay green
Money makes the world go around, know what I mean-ean?
New team, fresh and clean clean on your scene
Now sing along, sing along, y'all know the theme-heme


Now do or die, do or die, do or die, do or die (aarrgh, wooh)
Now do or die, do or die, do or die, do or die (oohhh)


Yeah, bitches wanna bone a nigga when your records is sellin'
Labels don't play a nigga when they nuttin' but felons
Young Razah got that hot shit that's under the Heavens
GG'z poppin' grey goose feathers
Prostitute cheddar, crashin' in whips with new leathers
Bad models be on the dick that shy and strip
Thinkin' we some gangsters, thugs, Bloods or Crips
Watch who you sleep, shake hands and hustle with
Why dream to be rich when I'm already rich?
Two bars I spit got the hottest nigga pissed
Chicks kiss the diamonds that twist on our wrist
Brooklyn Zoo, S.O.M., Dirty Bast' shit, nigga


Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?
Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?


I whip a nigga ass on hand and hand, you get flashed
Whatever you do, I stop your ass
My name is Isis, I kill you with a hiss
I kill you with my motherfuckin' piss
A matter of fact you kill yourself, nigga I crash ya stealth
(See let a nigga come through with that bullshit)
(Yeah we ain't sayin nuttin')
I never was familiar with bein' pussy
I loved that shit 'til it's bloody


Hey yo hold up, you told me you liked that shit muddy and swampy
And you gonna hit it from where (from the back door)
This Fam right here, is the Fam right here
And if you fuck with the Zoo you gon' get clapped right there
For this cream nigga, I'll walk through Muddy Waters
If he be call out, and rob your son and daughter
Lintballz in my pocket and yours is real lumpy
Nah, Lay Down, gimme what you got G
Split the pie three ways, live off it for three days
And when it's done, who's the next victim today
I'm trife nigga, and I don't live by Bible life
I yap the nigga ripe then stash a nigga right
Yeah I did wanna do it and the Devil didn't make me
Linballz in my pocket that made me stick them keys
Checkmate, pray to the Lord, your soul He take
Then I hip into the rob for my Fam I just got 'im, nigga


Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?
Do or die, ball or fly
Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high
But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up
It's time to turn the heat up
And catch these papes like cooked up
What?


Yeah yeah, huh huh (motherfucker)
That's right, that's right, OK (alright)
Yeah so 





Artist: Sirens f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard
Album:  Love Hurts 12"
Song:   Love Hurts (Remix)
Typed by Davida.b


Yo, I drop the single for yuh, yo, I drop the single for yuh


I think you see me laugj baby (did you see me cry?)
And did you see how hard baby? (How hard I tried?)
And still you let me die, I died inside, I died inside
(Cuz love hurts baby, cuz love hurts)


(WHY) don't you use me?
Come on, I want you to abuse me
(WHY) don't you hurt me?
I'ma get you anytime for


Did you see me cut my dear (Did you see me bleed?)
And did you see my pain and fear (Taking over me)
And still, you let us die (I'm dying, why, we've died, and whyyy?)
(I guess love hurts baby, guess love hurts




I guess love hurts baby
(We've died, and why, we've died, and whyyy?)


Don't let the new shit shut your ass up and feel the uppercut
That'll make you fall to your what? (Kaboom)
Droppin the single on the charts
Lettin ya know, hey, the kid has heart
I never denied myself as being dope
But in my last, damn, niggas slept on my notes
Thought that I was weak? Huh, let me speak
Yo, all you over top (censored), I drop the single for yuh






KnowI'msayin? (U.K.) You know what the fuck time it is!
KnowI'msayin? These the Brooklyn Zu motherfuckers!
You know who the fuck this is!
It's the Dirt Dog and I represent all this shit!
Motherfuckers! KnowI'msayin? I hold all this shit the fuck down!
KnowI'msayin? Anybody got any motherfuckin problems?!?
You see me nigga, motherfucker!


Raise drama, spark war
I keep the gat singin, slug love
We go through nuff slang


We gonna make this money and take this money!
Make this money and take this money!
Make this money and take this money!
Make this money and take this money!


What the fuck was on these niggas mind?
Buzzer be the crunch time, cuts feelin like ice grillers
Stalk the gat, carbon spark, talk burners
Mic murder fiends, dangerous strangers
Red beam dot, hoes return, rapid fire when the po' lick shot
Spit where the wigs top, get got, hot
Roof top marksman, heat hittin, grapevine, listen
Charles Lee, great ski thought, just because
Fuck jake, inter-state, D takes he, judge street
Court, king sees thought, lot of life trife
Complete, dirty life, dirty dirty dirty beef
Servin worthy streets, holdin holster heat for chaos
Mega-butterfly, wings crawler, dust strong, cut strong
Get 'em all, fuckin with teflon


Fuckin with me? The God have handicap plates
Arrogant, I'm like a pimple I come all out my face
Thug thesbian, yo semi the Shy hold two heats
I'm like the ASPCA, I put dogs to sleep
Ten cars deep plus three limos and a hurse
All because he was a Sprite kid obeyin his thirst
Keep him runnin like adrenaline, I could smoke a hundred men
And when he go to Heaven, who'll kill him again?
Ask anybody in my hood, they could a ref cuz I'm bad
I died once, escape my second life sentence




I play the four-fifth of this outfit
Cronz 'bout it, 'bout it, for dough I live
Faggots off the streets when it's crowded
Master breath control, make the death toll rise
Stress calls in pies, watch the Lex go by
Baby brown Wallabees, spray towns into policy
Bugged, not anthropology, watch the world acknowledge me
Cronz Dada, went from zero to Don
When I'm done bustin, the whole police hero respond


Nigga know my steez, so I jet to D.C
Chromed down M3, nigga that play B.E.T
John Clair, why these faggot ass niggas stare?
Don't they know my man carry the big bear? He don't care
They say he hold nigga's fruit like pear, pussy come here
Let me whisper in your ear, I make your click disappear
I play the wizard, bring blizzards
Fo'-fo' heavy when I lift it, Puffy shit I diss it






(You my Dirty whore, you that Dirty whore)
What else you gonna do to it
But bust it, bust it though baby, bust it
Who else, who else is gonna do it
This is dedicated to all you bitches


Knew this bitch named Trash, she had a hella fine ass
Can't ask, blew my hope in the past
Niggarette gave me gonorrhoea
Pussy dick to the tippy toe like ballerina
Boy you should have seen her
She had a baby face creamer Purinas, called up talking Tina
I put my dick in her womb
She blew my head like a balloon, I had her walking on the Moon


I seen you at the five and dime wasting your time
Oh you shine, I'm looking at your ass from behind
You walked by smelling like watermelon
You might make me a felon, my eyeballs swelling
My nuts start yelling, excuse my prick
Wanna have a talk with you, I'm sick
My medicine is can I walk with you
Fantasy, after that we can cheat
Laid on the bed, handcuffed with hard meat Long stroke smacking, smack it then broke
Nothing can't stop my continuous poke
Compound, porno flick music
Daddy came with it when I wrote it


Dirt Dog be bouncing on bitches like fog
I pollute the air up like smog, bitch
I'm up my jacuzzi, peeping this smoothie
My bitch is a floozy
Dirt Dog ain't choosy, pussy move me
Pretty black dick up in the booty, I like it muddy and swampy
By now you find your ass up shitty creeky
Don't got no fucking room me and my momma in my teepee
Blackberry squeeze, bitch you a tease
Titties small, I got used to the squeeze
Fuck that shit, I'm through with this bitch
Old hen please can't get a bank of these welfare cheese
Now to blow fifty G's overseas
I'm doing the breeze, in my 850


Suicidal, she been in more hotels than bibles
Idol worshipping bitch wasn't the type to make bridle
Strung on how the bitch manoeuvred her tongue
From the top of his dick to the bottom of his ass split
I told the God to jet quick, this wicked bitch was a harlot
But had him trapped up inside the Charlotte Web
She wasn't choosy, fucked for a movie and a loose leaf cigarette
Pussy stay wet and juicy like lemons, big ass in tight denim
Had the most faithful niggas sinning against their women
And enjoyed to watch relationships get destroyed
This unemployed welfare bitch was non-void
And shameless, her attitude was blameless
Even though she had a hundred dicks on her name list
Her obsession caused niggas to get the ass cheek injection
The bitched lied, said she had Urinary Tract Infection
I tried to warn 'em and bomb 'em, but she conned em
Wanted niggas to fuck her raw dog without no condom

*woman moans* oooooh, ahahhh, ohh


You people are all trying to achieve the impossible
That's exactly what we've done
But you'll fail and you'll all die
If we die, the next generation will fight them too
And the one after them for as long as they must
And eventually we shall succeed




Aww, man, yeah, Lenox Ave. Boyz
Aww, man, come on, yea, yeah, yo


You doin' what you doin', let's get it
Starvin' and you robbin', and you catch a nigga slippin', best get 'em
Hit 'em where the good Lord split him
Introduce myself, go booth yourself
In the far left lane, and I'm, hydro planed
And I'm, slingin' my 'caine, don't care how you feel
Checkin' out the truck, check the wheels
Wanna get fucked, bitch kneel, let me splash in your grill
Who but me? Muthafuckin' right, get it right
Papi of this motherfuckin' thing, truck tight
Rollin' with my niggas, we ain't lookin' for no fights
Now pop one in your head, that's all she said
It's time to get head in my Mercedes-Benz
Chipped up and I ain't even talkin' bout my jams
Clipped up, so any nigga frontin', gettin' banned
Give 'em all ten in his chin, I'm all in


Move back, move back, you can't fuck with me, huh
I'm from the clique called N.I.B


Next up, I believe that's me
Meeno, get it right, no descrempancy
Always keep a weapon, see, run it ground
Worth of stones, nothin' less on me, why you stress on me
Niggas mad cause I stretch my D., ya'll dudes want my recipe?
Here's what ya'll do, hit the lab, write an album or two
Then I might let you sign my shoe, that's just how I do
Everybody sayin', boy too souped up
Nah, I'm just hot, plus Bentley Coup'd up
Who put, you too busy holdin' the stoupe up
Ya'll fault your broke, and not mine, stupe'a
I'm like Juve', I need it in my life
Got fifty birds flyin' in, later on tonight
Rock and I hustle, so I get paid twice
Life is a gamble boy, roll your dice




Who you know spit flows, get dough like I
In the L.A.B.'s, motherfucker, no lie
Hit the links I've seen, back in late '95
Had to wait for two nine, rockin' and clickin' on both sides
Of course we gon' ride, ride over the competition
The real has arrived, ya'll bitch niggas is finished
All I gotta do is Nextel tag my lieutenant
Your whole click will get toe tagged tagged in two minutes
This to them fools thinkin' they gon' catch the God slippin'
I'm always on point and I'm always packin' my weapon
You see me in the club, believe me, I got the tech in
I slipped the DJ a guard, you slipped it in with the records
Either you love it or hate it, but bet you gon' respect it
Rainbow glow, when the lights hit off the necklace
I'm what you can't be, young, black, rich, and wreckless
It's the god free, and L.A.B.'s, one two, check it




Remix! Huh, yeah, it's 101, what?
You know what it is when you hear that, Harlem
Fix ya face or smacked in it, Harlem
Harlem, right here, Harlem
You gon' stupid if you don't bounce to this man
You gonna only look like a hater, huh-huh
Lenox Ave. Boyz, what up, it's only right
They know what it is, man, remix


Move back, its no touchin' me, I'm from that place called NYC
H Dub to the death, and I don't give a fuck what party it is
I'm still in the club wearin' sweats (hah)
Milk ears with the money colored check
Ill two step, blowin' dubs with the best
Live life, most hated, with my Lenox Ave. Boyz
Remix, Move Back, with Grease providing all the noise
Huh, your home boy game so raw
And I ain't even gotta say my name no more
Haters wanna give my name to the law
But punchin' and kickin', to kick us all, they can blame you for
Might catch me in the 'Lac with Snaps
Or lightin' sticky green 'dro, with Wink and Meeno
You from the hood and you ain't no coward, well me neither
And before you step on my sneaker, I really think you need to (move back, move
Back)


This your boy to the dash
Same nigga, no talkin', just result to the mass
I stab niggas, throw the hawk in the trash
Peroxide my bullets, give the burners a bath
Three fifty Z, burnin' the Ave
I'm old school, I still got the fiends burnin' the glass
I pull the pump off my waist, and dumb in your face
I'm a little bit too hard for the radios to play
I still can spit eighty miles an hour in a verse
And my Coupe go eighty miles an hour in reverse
I let my tool go, ya'll niggas just studio killas
Nigga, I'mma killa in the studio
I got guns that'll hollow a wall
Point it to your jaw, make you swallow it all
Ya'll niggas want hardcore?
What the fuck you think the R, and Full Surface and D-Block is for?


They ask, who's that, that's P-Cardi
And what he in, what he in, he in a Fer-rari
You know I'm strapped, you know I'm strapped, I got the heat on me
And what I'm wearin', and what I'm wearin', a long Bigari
Thinkin' I'm Joe Clark, nigga, try to 'lean on me'
But if he is, like Biggie said, 'he gon' bleed'
Niggas ain't hard, niggas heart full of creatine
But go against that, green, I go against your, brain
And don't fuck with me and the kid, I've been a daddy all my life
No 'dro, we gon' blow that alley all day, say what
Act stupid, we gon' it crackin' here tonight
Greasin', Meen' on the front, with Snappy on my right
If rap don't work, nigga, we go to the kitchen
Those ain't hoes, so then you know we ain't pimpin'
I'm on, my toes, so nigga, no, I ain't slippin'
Too close, hold somethin', or now I know Cardy didn't


And if he know, what keep me little
Think you know, I think it later
See me, and my guns come to, just like a waiter
You up north, singin' just like Anita Baker
Make up your mind, then come and ready, feen to meet your maker
The man that laugh last, will surely laugh harder
Me have a gonna shut up and eat bars, and all of the prankster
With them and I for black gangster (huh, I'm from the clique called N.I.B.)


But drunk, when he hop inside, in the club gettin' tired
Bitches scatter all around me, ready to excite it
All these kittens got me flea bitten, eatin' out my mitten
I'm comin' off top, my moves are unwritten
Now slitter to the snake, in the spring time wither
But strong on my own, Wu-Tang, I'm forever
Women desirin', jobs is hiring
Money admiring, never keep tiring
Rhymin' ain't nothin', the easiest job ever
And I'm doing mine, holdin' it together
While money quadruple, from playin' the cripple
Drinkin' from a titty nipple, sippin' on ripple
Blunt keep on flippin', from keep gettin' dippin'
The mic I'm rippin', the record skippin'
The pussy drippin', the wet got me slippin'
The bitch I'm strippin', I'm platinum shippin'





I ain't no nigga

My words can't be held against me
I'm not caught up in your law

All music must obey me
All pain must obey me
I cripple my enemies
Got that careful vocabulary
I can talk my way up out of anything
Nobody's words can go against me
I'm stingy, I want all that energy
Osiris, the best nigga in the place to be
I two hundred hot degree
Burning ya til you faint y'all
Y'all niggas shooting blanks y'all
I'm fucking my vest, drive an armored tank y'all
I dead niggas like a dog buries a bone
You could never set me up I raise the pain volume
Nominate me, as presidential MC
My career so intelligent unique physique
A nigga please!


You could never fuck with the dog
A nigga please!
Nigga I will bury ya bone
A nigga please!
I'm the one who burned ya home
A nigga please!

Watch your shit fall like Rome
I'm immune to all viruses
I get the cocaine it cleans out my sinuses
Just for slinging *nuh* I get a quarter a mil
I'll have it raining ice drops the size of automobiles
Kill all the government microchips in my body
I'm the paranoid nigga at your party
I kill all my enemies at birth!
Shut the fuck up!
Bitch and let my slide my hands up your skirt
Nigga please!


Nigga please! (You could never fuck with the dog)
Nigga please! (You could never fuck with the dog)
Nigga please! (You could never fuck with the dog)
Nigga please! (You could never fuck with the dog)
Nigga please! (You could never fuck with the dog)

Straight up! ODB type shit
Y'all watch out for the Abbott and Crazy Monk
Coming soon
Splashed y'all with the organic hip-hop spazola type
Naw mean
Straight up!
For born in on



I ain't no nigga
My words can't be held against me
I'm not caught up in your law
All music must obey me
All pain must obey me
I cripple my enemies
Got that careful vocabulary
I can talk my way up out of anything
Nobody's words can go against me
I'm stingy, I want all that energy
Osiris, the best nigga in the place to be
I two hundred hot degree
Burning ya till you faint y'all
Y'all niggas shooting blanks y'all
I'm fucking my vest, drive an armored tank y'all
I dead niggas like a dog buries a bone
You could never set me up I raise the pain volume
Nominate me, as presidential M C
My career so intelligent unique physique
A nigga please
You could never fuck with the dog
A nigga please
Nigga I will bury ya bone
A nigga please
I'm the one who burned ya home
A nigga please
Watch your shit fall like Rome
I'm immune to all viruses
I get the cocaine it cleans out my sinuses
Just for slinging I get a quarter a mil
I'll have it raining ice drops the size of automobiles
Kill all the government microchips in my body
I'm the paranoid nigga at your party
I kill all my enemies at birth shut the fuck up
Bitch and let my slide my hands up your skirt
Nigga please
You could never fuck with the dog
A nigga please
Nigga I will bury ya bone
A nigga please
I'm the one who burned ya home
A nigga please
Nigga please! You could never fuck with the dog
Nigga please! You could never fuck with the dog
Nigga please! You could never fuck with the dog
Nigga please! You could never fuck with the dog
Nigga please! You could never fuck with the dog
Straight up! O D B type shit
Y'all watch out for the Abbott and crazy monk coming soon
Splashed y'all with the organic Hip-Hop spazola type
Now mean straight up for born in on



Genius and MTV have teamed up to bring you a new look into New York hip hop from 97 to 98.  MTV has dug deep into their vaults and found three gems, each never before seen in its entirety.  As part of an ongoing project, MTV is looking to the Genius community to add context and personal stories to these interviews with some of the all time greats.

Here we have the first release in the ongoing collaboration between Genius and MTV.  Newly uncovered, this unedited 1997 interview shows Dirty in a rare light, revealing struggles with family life and staying clean.  Watch the ever compelling ODB drop science like only he could and see why there was no father to his style.

Interview by Josh Tyrangiel
_______________________________________________________

Interviewer:   And, anytime youre ready. So, Dirty, the reason that youre here today  weve heard a lot about changes that you have made in your life for the past couple of months. Why dont you kind of explain to me whats going on?

Dirty:  I dont know man, just boy. Changes. Well, its like  you know, I dont know, something about the children, you know? You know its just  I cant really explain it but its all good though

Interviewer:   Let me start with the kids. How many kids do you have and what about the most recent child made you kind of stand up and take note?

Dirty:  The kids  how many kids do I have? Well, all the kids in the world is mine, so I cant count how many kids Ive got. All the children in the universe is mine, everywhere, you know what I mean? But its just  hey, the kids love Dirty, you know what I mean? Every time they see Dirty they smile, you know what I mean? And thats automatically made dirty smile, you know what I mean? Make me want to get on my knees and play Lego blocks with them and everything, so its all good

Interviewer:   Well, let me ask you about this most recent child. I guess the most recent, I guess is it a son, who was born to you? Its your 13th child and from what I was told that made you kind of stop and say, take a little stock of where you are in your life and what you need to do for them. Is that true?

Dirty:  Yeah, yeah, a little. Prince Osiris is here. And you know, it just like  I just want the right things for them, you know what I mean? And then have them, you know have they head on pointe, you know what I mean? And just want the best for them, you know what I mean? Just like any parent want for their children

Interviewer:   Whats your relationship like with your kids? I know what there are a lot of them, but lets say on a regular basis with most of your kids, are you there are much as you can be? I mean, how does that work?

Dirty:  Im there as much as I can be, you know what I mean? I see them, I talk to them on the regular. I mean, they crazy about their dad, theres no doubt about it, and their dad is crazy about them too. They all look like me, little bad asses

Interviewer:   How do you explain to them, when they call you dad, how do you explain to them who Ol Dirty Bastard is, who Osirus is. I mean, do you kind of sit with them and explain things?

Dirty:  No, I dont explain. I mean, theyre my children, you know what I mean? They know me as Dad, you know what mean? OlDirty Bastard, thats like a job  you know what I mean? Osirus is like a job too, you know? Its like, I dont know. I feel it, it feels me, so its all good

Interviewer:   I want to talk a little bit about this most recent incident, as it were. You were arrested last week and there was a charge that you hadnt paid a fair amount of child support. Can you kind of tell me one, exactly what happened and two, whether thats true

Dirty:  Well one, I was signing autographs and I got picked up by the cops. Two, well, I love my  all my, I love my wife, yes, I love her dearly. Of course I pay child support, you know what I mean? Why wouldnt I, you know what I mean? I love my children just being there as a family, you know what I mean? You know, things just got to be dealt with, you know what Im saying? They have to things that I have got to deal with and thats what got to be dealt with. And we will deal with it. The creator will make sure everything is right

Interviewer:   I mean, the amount that is in question they are saying is about $35,000, which most people would I guess presume that rappers make a lot of money and that $35,000 would not be  you know. Is it necessarily true that youre swimming in money as ODB and you can just pay things off left and right and two, is that the correct amount of money? And what do you plan to do about it?

Dirty:   you know, want to correct all situations, you know what I mean? So you know, we keep it moving as love, you know what I mean? There wasnt nothing on my shoulder. And no, Dirty dont have a lot of money, you know what I mean? Dirty is so busy giving out things, you know what I mean? Money dont really mean nothing to me, but Ive got to have it for the children of course. Thats why Im getting this together, you know what I mean? So I dont have to be hearing this and hearing that and things of that nature. I know times is hard and I know weve all got problems, but I dont know, man. I just love all, man, you know what I mean? I will leave it in the hands of the creator, like I said

Interviewer:   Your wife has said that she wants to kind of divorce you and kind of move on after this incident. Is that something that you hope you can work out?

Dirty:  Of course, of course. I mean, we have been together for so long and you know, divorce, thats like  thats like, you know on Sunday when Moses departed the Red Sea, you know what I mean? But it had to come back together again, you know? And it had to stay together, you know what I mean? Cant no problems can be so bad that things cant be still good, you know what I mean? Ive just got to make it better, you know?

Interviewer:   How long have you guys been together?

Dirty:  About 13  yeah. I love the girl, man. Well, I love her to death, true

Interviewer:   You said before that youre trying to get this thing together. Youve had problems in the past with alcohol and drugs. At what point did you realize that you cant do that anymore?

Dirty:  When I heard really that Otis Redding had crashed into that sea. Thats my main man, nah, just bullshitting. It was just  you know what Im saying, I aint gonna say that, you know, its just  I learned that its not the move, you know what I mean? That aint the move where its time to have a straight point, straight ahead. You know what I mean? Were doing things because thats like thats life, its serious. You know what I mean? You aint here, you dont which way...what will..but loose. You know? So I know Ive got to be here. And as far as all that alcohol and drug stuff, I advise yall not to mess with it. And you hear from Dirty, take it as is. I aint saying  Im just giving advice, thats all. Like I give myself that same advice

Interviewer:   Was there anyone who took you aside at any point and said Dirty, youve got to straighten out  one, for yourself, two, for the group, three for your family? Or did this just kind of come to you, you know, alone?

Dirty:  It came to me alone, really. Because its me that make it happen, you know what I mean? I mean, people can give advice, you know, all your lives  you know what I mean? But its really up to you to make things happen and change. And for those who does do it and they dont want to stop, thats not how you do it, you know what I mean? Dont let things control your mind, word. Word

Interviewer:   You said that its not going to be 100%, you cant commit to quitting

Dirty:  Nah, put it this way man. I aint going to lie, because I aint no liar. When Im onstage, something about that red wine, man. You know, it just bring the brilliance. I mean. But I aint doing it in a while, though, thats whats bugging me the hell out, you know what I mean? I aint one to lie, man, you know? I mean, we all do our things and everything, you know what I mean? Yall know me for being raw, so I gotta keep it raw. If Im onstage and its a good show and a lot of people I might take a sip or two, you know what I mean? Thats what brings the energy, you know? But then again, I might not. You know what I mean? I didnt yet, so thats something that I feel that Im going to keep up, word. Keep that inside, you know what I mean? Nah, matter of fact, Im not  thats the move. Leave that alcohol alone, thats the move, word

Interviewer:   How long has this been going on? How long have you been sober?

Dirty:  For about two months now, yeah

Interviewer:   Whats been the effect? I mean, as far as your relationship with your kids and your family, I am sure they have noticed a difference in you

Dirty:  Yeah, its like  it got closer, you know, being that I do a lot of touring and things of that nature. Wifey want to be around me, you know what I mean? And I understand that. But you know, I have got a job to do also. And being that I have got a job to do, sometimes that implants thoughts, you know what I mean? And its all natural, you know what I mean? For thoughts to be implanted, you know. I love you, girl. Keep that in mind, you know what Im saying? And whatever you do, Im always going to love you, regardless. So its like that

Interviewer:   How is this change going to affect what youre doing musically? I mean, a lot of people expect a certain thing of ODB at this point. You have been around a couple of years. How is it going to change your focus and how is it going to change what were going to hear?

Dirty:  Its going to keep my thoughts together, thats one. You know what I mean? Its like this  being, for me being sober, it reminds me when I was a kid again. You know what I mean? Being able to have a clear mind, thats all, you know what I mean? To me, I aint going, you know what Im saying  hold on, that shits weird though, because I really did nothing like this before. God is good, God is definitely good. Word. He definitely good, man, he got it going on baby love

Interviewer:   Talking about being a kid  do you remember your first experience with alcohol  I mean, how old were you and where were you and who introduced you to things?

Dirty:  I dont remember but it was there. And I drunk it and you know, at that time it was there. You know what I mean? Its not there no more. Its not there no more

Interviewer:   Tell me about the next solo album stuff, what youre working on, what its going to sound like, how the new you is going to be reflected in that

Dirty:  I want a lot of rock and roll artists on it. I dont know who, how, other than I like a couple, several. I aint going to name no names because I dont want, you know  but I like the rock and roll. My album is going to be called Dirtys World, I believe. I want to cover several artists on there, Mariah, for one  thats my sweetheart, word. And you know, a couple of artists. Basically, I dont know whats going to happen. You know what Im saying? Im just happy to be here, you know what I mean? Its came to a little change and its all good. I just gotta keep it up, you know what I mean? I aint here to throw no punches or nothing like that, just got to keep it up, thats all. Keep a clear mind and keep it moving, thats basically it. You know what I mean?

Interviewer:   How have the guys in the Clan responded to you? I mean, have you gone and spoke to them about youre making some changes in your life?

Dirty:  No, I dont really speak too much nowadays, you know what Im saying? Basically, I aint really trying to talk on the results, you know what I mean? I just want to show and prove it, you know what I mean? Right now, the Clan, I dont know. Well check it out, Dirty is here, Dirty is here to stay, word. And we are going to make these albums and we are going to get this money and we are going to take care of these kids and all my children across the universe. I love you all, keep it up, keep it good, keep it in school. Keep it high levels. Low levels, keep it inside. And the women, I love yall, yall got it going on. All my niggas, I love yall, gotta keep it moving. And I love you, mama, I love you dearly. You definitely got it going on, word. Definitely, word. Thanks for bringing me here, word

Interviewer:   Dirty, let me ask you a little bit more about Wu Tang. When the tour was going on with Rage Against the Machine, RZA was say-, when it got called off, RZA was basically saying that he was upset that a lot of the guys in the group didnt make all the dates. And although he didnt mention you by name, it was pretty clear who he was talking about. Has that been sorted out at all?

Dirty:  Yeah, I was going through  me personally, I aint going to lie. I was there, I was there, and I was there. You know, but I know that my clan needs me. They need me like I need them, you know what I mean? The world needs me, period, word, because I need the world. You know what I mean? And I know that because I have got a lot of love for everything. And when you have got a lot of love for everything, love is needed. You can kind of like teach a lot of people that dont see certain things, you know what I mean? Instead of bad, its all good, you know what I mean? It will come in time, though, but basically, I aint really a talker. Im just happy to be here, baby. You know what I mean? I aint even a talker, man. I talk too much. Who knows whats gonna happen

Interviewer:   Who tells you that you talk too much?

Dirty:  Well look, man, its like this  nobody will tell me nothing, its just you can feel when youre talking too much. You know what I mean? Its just, oh boy. Nigga please. All this cant camera stuff, I aint really used to this stuff. Im used to it but then again I aint used to it. Im used to being myself, natural. Laid back and being all stiff all the damn time, you know? Just ask me some more questions, man

Interviewer:   Is it hard for you to believe, four or five years ago your life was 100% different than it is now. Is it hard for you to believe that youre sitting here talking to MTV. Does it still come over you sometimes that youve come a long way?

Dirty:  Yeah, word

Interviewer:   What do you feel at those times?

Dirty:  Well, its just like I see things more clearly now, you know? I mean, I always saw things in weird ways, its just a little clearer now. Its more tight now, you know? Everybody dont understand what Im talking about, just talking about life itself, you know? I aint trying to make no statements on TV, man. All the children belong to me, man. Some say 13, some say  I aint, look, hey  you know what I mean, all the children belong to me, for real. It aint no lie, I love all. Sometimes bad things happen, you know? For the bad things, sorry about them. You know, I guess that what occurs when you lazy, you know? Thats why that change occurs and shit

Interviewer:   A lot of people would say you have got 13 kids, what about birth control? Are you going to maybe start using condoms or is that not -

Dirty:  I use condoms. Oh man, oh baby I like it raw. Yeah, condoms  yeah, I use condoms, yeah. Birth control, yes, birth control. Birth control. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, birth control. Do some birth control. Look, Dirty, yeah, birth control. Man, I was just speaking about birth control. Look, I love you all. Birth control. I love you all and birth control is good and if you dont want to have no babies like that and you dont want to run into them problems, boy  I mean, babies all over the universe. Boy, if you dont want to run into no problems, you better listen to that TV, baby. Thats real. Oh boy, you better listen

Interviewer: So are you going to start taking some of that advice yourself?

Dirty:  Well, of course. Man, of course. I was just thinking, man, I be having nightmares and everything, theyre coming to get me. And just avoid all future, all future stuff, you know what I mean? I just want to let yall know, like I said before, I love yall man. , all right? For real. Because yall the only ones Ive got. I dont got nobody else, anybody. A lot of people care, but you know  we are all we got, for real. You know what I mean? Word

Interviewer:   Youve got a lot of people. I mean, Ive seen you at shows, Ive seen you at shows that werent your own and you come in and basically hip hop fans give you more love, I would say, than most other artists. Because they feel like they know you, they feel like they can relate to you in some ways. Do you feel like youve got any sort of burden towards them, fulfilling their expectations of how youre going to change and how your new life is going to go on? Do you feel like you want to talk to them at all about those things?

Dirty:  I see it like this. Its a new world order, you know what I mean? And one must adapt to that, you know? Or the penalty is the penalty, for real. I mean, Im trying my best to adapt to all things, you know what I mean? It aint nothing like yeah, its new, word. And I advise that for anybody, you know? Control your emotions, you know? Because oh, it cause a lot of off-balance and things are not supposed to be always balanced, so it can spin you know what I mean? And I dont know man, I just say that, man, word. But if anybody ever need my thoughts, ya'll know how to catch me. Whats my 1-900 line? Well next time when I come on yall see my 900 line. Just go look in the Wu-Tang album cover, you will see my 1-900 line. Call me up, I will change the message too, so we can conversate more. Children, I love yall, all right? Keep your head up

Interviewer:   Tell me a little bit more about Mariah, your relationship with her? I have heard that has kind of grown a little bit over the last couple of years

Dirty:  Thats my heartbeat. My sugar plum, word. One of the sweetest women I have met. I have met a lot of sweet women, well, my mama is the sweetest woman I ever met, and my grandmamma too, and a couple other women too. But Mariah got especially genuine, she aint got to say nothing, love. You know what I mean? Shes got like a glow, a weird glow. I cant really explain it, you know? Shes just straight up beautiful, word. I mean, its shown and proved by all the fans she got, you know what I mean? See me, Im a big fan of Mariah, word. Doing something with her, I always want to do some backup with her, when I was young I love Mariah. I mean not young, you know what I mean, before I was out. She just beautiful, you know. She keeps it real. She does what she feel at heart. And usually people when they do what they feel at heart, youve got good and bad in the situation. It means everything that she do is good, so I know she is a naturally good woman

Interviewer:   And if you wanted to do something with her, she would be there for you? If you wanted to give her a call, she is always there for you?

Dirty:  I hope so. Word. I believe so. I believe so, yes, of course

Interviewer:   We have talked a little bit about your image, the one that has gone out about ODB over the past four or five years, and its a certain image that people have gotten used to. Do you have any desire to change that image as a result of your own life changes or do you think you are comfortable with the way that is?

Dirty:  You love Dirty as Dirty, Dirty is Dirt Dog. How you see him is how you gonna get him. This is Dirty, baby. Shimmy-shimmy-ya, Brooklyn Zoo, The Stomp, approach a school 9:30, youre late. Everybody go Dirt Dog, all that, thats me, straight up  I cant change that. Thats me, thats going me  what started from that future, you know what I mean? Other than the bad parts. There wasnt really no bad parts, though, other than people tearing down the clubs and stuff. I aint gonna tear down no more clubs, all right? Leave you bouncers alone because I love yall anyway. Im gonna be Dirty, word

Interviewer:   Tell me what an average day is like now, as it was earlier this year, or something like that. Tell me what you do during an average day?

Dirty:  I try to take care of more business now, you know? No more sleepy head. Its all good

Interviewer:   I mean, like what time do you get  Im talking specific, because you know kind of want to know what your life is like. What time you get up, things like that?

Dirty:  My life is your life, you know? I get up, I use the toilet bowl, sometimes I eat, sometimes I dont. I love women. I love seeing people, I love seeing people happy. I dont really know man, Im me. I mean I dont predict things. It comes natural where I get up and Im happy, see? Im happy, all right? And thats about it. I cant really tell you how Dirt Dog it is, its too exquisite. Theres nothing that you can just pinpoint, you know what I mean? Its here, its there, its there, its everywhere, you know what I mean? So thats all basically it, from the dirt in the air that you breathe

Interviewer:   How far along are the plans for your next solo album? As far is somebody on the project as a producer, is RZA going to produce it? Have you started writing things?

Dirty:  Yeah, RZA, Dirt Dog, we are going to try to get Dr. Dre. Thats my man, you got it going on, dunn for real, word is bond. Oh, Puffy, you ill too. Word. I want to give you props, , youve got it going on man. At first man, but now, man, youve got it going on. Ive got to give you all your props, man. You got a standard, baby, keep it up. Whoever it is that got banging tracks, you know what I mean? Aint all looking pretty in the videos, aint all like  you know what I mean? Because everybody looking all pretty in the videos nowadays, you know what I mean? Dirty is going to bring back that light that you been missing, straight up, that  you know, the real stuff, that when you get up in the morning thats how it is. Sometimes you wash up, sometimes you dont, you know what I mean? You go outside, you know, there is nothing planned what Dirtys going to do. Dirtys going to do, you know, the regular thing  straight up man. I mean, Im going to have a lot of producers, so I aint try to pick  whoever got the bangingest tracks, thats who Im using, word

Interviewer:   When do you think this will be out?

Dirty:  Im going to try to have it out by spring

Interviewer:   And are you writing lyrics right now or are you just going to wait until everything comes together?

Dirty:  Oh, Im planning on taking me a little day  you know what I mean? Like now getting off and just go and sit down, just vibe for about a month and just write, because Ive got a lot of chambers full for yall. Yall dont know nothing yet. Yall think all this music out here now is it? Watch when you hear mine. For real, yall going to like my album, I know yall is. Because its going to attract the grandmothers, the great-grandmothers, the babies in the stomachs going to be kicking. You know, we might get a couple of UFO sightings here, you know what I mean? You never know, right in New York. You never know, messing around with my new album. Hey, Dirty aint cursing or nothing. So yall see its good, you know what I mean? I aint gonna lie, , you know, but  youre gonna see. I aint bragging or nothing, youll see. For those who like it, love it, for those who dont, love it, all right?

Interviewer:   As far as the album and projecting into your future, with the kids youve got to support, with the life you want to lead, you obviously want this album to have a certain level of success. So beyond the recording, are there any other plans as far as the publicity, how youre going to kind of create a buzz around this album?

Dirty:  I want to get to all, a little Western, country, jazz, rock and roll, heavy metal. My brother, hes got a band out called Funk Face, so well be teaming up real soon anyway. He is strictly like heavy metal, rock and roll? You know what I mean? I want to catch everybody. I already got all the hip hop fans. Hip hop belongs to me, you know what I mean? And that aint no lie. Because I let it all out, you know what I mean? So now its time to go into rock and roll. Its time to go into whatever it is to go into, you know what I mean? One thing about Dirtys world, Dirty can go into any chamber of 36 chambers, you know? And all will love it because I want to touch everybody. I want to touch everybody and thats basically it. Thats basically it, word

Interviewer:   Let me ask you a couple of questions about some other things that were working on. I know that you did a remix with a group called Texas, recently. Is that right?

Dirty: Me?

Interviewer:   Yeah, supposably

Dirty:  Texas? Got me

Interviewer:   No, all right. Let me ask you about  Thanksgiving is coming up and were doing a Beavis and Butthead Thanksgiving special. Just curious what Thanksgiving means to you?

Dirty:  Thanks for giving

Interviewer:   How do you celebrate the holiday? With your family, at home?

Dirty:  Well, me and RZA, when we was young we used to just go to everybodys house and eat. You know, we travel from this house to we eat at this house, we eat and leave. Then we go to this house, we go to this house, and we go to this house, you know. Thanksgiving is a food day, man. You know what I mean, you eat a lot of food and everybody is happy. They are cooking together, its all good. Its like one of them Christmas days, you know what I mean? Look, man, before I used to be all personal about things and man, that aint nothing like life, straight up. You know what I mean? We aint here just enjoying it, you know what I mean? People be so biased about how people are living, what people are doing  who cares what people are doing? People dont understand what love is, you know what I mean? I aint being funny or nothing, but to me love is, you know, all right  you got lesbians, you faggots, whatever. You got, you know, me and a woman, you got whatever, whatever. To me love is all of that, you know what I mean? And people have got to start learning how to respect people as they is, you know what Im saying? Thats how I see things, man. I mean, I aint into all that, but yo what, thats there. What the fuck you gonna do  excuse me, my language, but what the hell you going to do about it? You cant change that. Lord God made that, you know what I mean? So love is universal, man. You cant stop nothing, you know what I mean? Yall do what yall do, you know what I mean? Thats all I will say. Enjoy your lives man, man. Word, word is mine. Enjoy your lives, you know what I mean? I love all, you know what I mean? To me, Im a Dirty white boy. Cut my skin one of the first things you see is white meat, and you see blood, so its all good

Interviewer:   Thats good, yeah

Male: We done? Thats it. All right






Ooh, ooh, ooh
Peaches, sexy girl, you know you got it going on
Somethin' fine, baby, somethin' fine


Well, I wanna get next to you
Ooh, I wanna get into you
Baby, I wanna get next to you, girl


Aiy-aiy-ya-aiy-ya, just wanna get next to you, wanna show what I wanna be
Aiy-aiy-ya-aiy-ya, wanna show you what I mean to you


I got somethin' for you baby, I got a little somethin'
To you, for you, I'm not thinkin' for my baby, to get it in
Here it is, I don't let 'em know, really want to show you
What I mean to you, there's no thing, I really wanna bring, right there
We'll just take it slow and never let it go
Cuz we'll leave all our troubles behind




Come on talk to the hand, levitate the body to Peach
She's fine, my pace it get sweeter and sweet
The body of a woman is deep
You say deep creep until you're whole heart beat
Let the Dirt Dog fuck it to a freak
From high to low I wanna bone them cheeks
The Indian Cherokee will have babies by the fleet
A rugged Dirty Bastard, tearin' up your street
I wanna get next to you, boo, straight up I'm a freak, heheh


I really wanna say, I really wanna say, this what I feel right now
Really dont know, how far we'll go, just take it for a ride
Just take it slow, and we'll let it go
Cuz we'll leave all our worries behind




I'm gonna give it you, what you need, what you need, what you need
I'm gonna give it you, what you want, what you want, and when you want it






I ain't no nigga
My words can't be held against me
I'm not caught up in your law


All music must obey me
All pain must obey me
I cripple my enemies
Got the gift of vocabulary
I can talk my way up out of anything
Nobody's words can go against me
I'm stingy, I want all that energy
Osirus, the best nigga in the place to be
I two hundred hot degree
Burning ya til you faint y'all
Y'all niggas shooting blanks y'all
I'm fucking my vest, drive an armored tank y'all
I dead niggas like a dog buries a bone
You could never set me up I raise the pain volume
Nominate me, as presidential MC
My career so intelligent unique physique
A nigga please!


You could never fuck with the dog
A nigga please!
Nigga I will bury ya bone
A nigga please!
I'm the one who burned ya home
A nigga please!


Watch your shit fall like Rome
What, nigga I'm immune to all viruses
I get the cocaine it cleans out my sinuses
Just for slinging *nuh* I get a quarter a mil
I'll have it raining ice drops the size of automobiles
Kill all the government microchips in my body
I'm the paranoid nigga at your party
I kill all my enemies at birth!
Shut the fuck up!
Bitch and let me stick my hands up your skirt
Nigga please!



 (x5)
Nigga please!
You could never fuck with the dog


Straight up! ODB type shit
Y'all watch out for the Abbott and Crazy Monk
Coming soon
Splashed y'all with the organic hip-hop spazzola type
Naw mean, Straight up!
For born-born and on




You know God, I just been, you know what I'm sayin'?
Doing my regular thing man
So I'mma get back up with you though baby
KnowhatI'msayin? You know you my nigga kid
I'mma always come through for you baby
Yo man, you gotta understand, this shit is real though man
All the time, word
Yo man, that's you man
Yo peace Rae, peace God!
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
What's up baby? God damn, look at you man
Damn God, I got a shit out you man
Man, I done watched you man, since you was a little crumb-snatcher
A little weed-hopper running around here man
Look at you baby, you look good
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
Understand, I watched you go through a lot of trials and tribulations
But you know something, like I used to always tell you baby
A good listener's a good learner
(G-O-D's my reality)
I see you listened VERY well, understand?
(I'm elevating strong and I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
Your time is coming baby
See sometime, it could be like, a rear view
YouknowhatI'msayin? And people don't know when their blessing comes
But I watch you grow, man you is a very intelligent man
Man, I watched you when I used to sit down and you would
Trick me out my money shootin' dice, niggas is you crazy?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
(G-O-D's my reality)
Crazy you crazy man
Yo Rae, you remember that shit man?
When we used to be down there in the hills and shit man?
(I'm elevating strong I'm gonna go on to the highest degree)
And you'd catch it, from Old Man Freed
He'd be yelling "You little slick ass"
Ha ha ha ha
Talk to me baby, knowhatI'msayin'?
Ha ha ha ha
I've been through all them things, man I'm watchin' you growin'
But remember one thing Rae like I used to tell you
The child you was is making you the man you is today
And if you don't know where you came from baby
You DAMN sure know that you don't know where you going
Can you see what I'm saying?
Know which way you traveling
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
You understand? And follow that destiny, follow the light
And it'll set you free
(Ohh, G-O-D's my reality)
Cause I've watched you baby
You my main man
Yeah
(We're elevating strong and we're going on to the highest degree)


Now that could be the Wu-Tang production
Start to knuckle up and, gun shots start to click the block's duckin'
Could it be, and would it be, that we was babies
Catchin', rabies, niggas seem to act crazy
Day one, in my spot July the tenth
I had a mint, stickin' up Devines hittin' them with nines
I was toxie, from layin' up with roxies all night
This nigga bust a shot, lick my man's wife
It was havoc I contact the Abbot
He shook the shoulder though, then he passed the phat chrome automatic
We goin' to war, you know he had a 2 to 4
He would've did it for me fuck it, let's mosie
Scheming dough, with the P.L.O., wrapped on tight
Sayin' in my mic "Yo we gotta go"
My first impression was to add some lessons
Question, one, what made you even show your gun and blow the session?
He replied and rocked the green eye
And yo, he started, yellin' "Them niggas sellin' two for fives!"
But he's a goner and I got my corner
What, I'm feeding my babies, Cash Rules from morn' to dawning


Yeah, Rae baby
Feedin' my babies, Cash Rules from morn' to dawning
Only God is the son of man
(We've got the powers to resurrect the dead)
I'll say it one time, and be certain that fake God does not exist
(Ohh, G-O-D's my reality)
(I'm elevating strong we're gonna go on to the highest degree)
This is why the universe, has itself balanced the scale
Of divine knowledge, and it was measured by the portion
Of solid knowledge
No man, can judge for another
But each man must weigh all facts and circumstances
And find truth in his own judgment of righteousness
See, the way to evil, balance equality in no man
For no man is good and bad at the same time
Either you good, or you bad




Fuck that shit, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm a give a shout out to my niggas
I ain't givin' a shout to no-fuckin'-whitey, fuck that
Big Baby Jesus in the motherfucking house
Know what I'm sayin'?


Unh, come on
I don't walk, I stalk, livin' foul like pork
Shuttin' down underground streets of New York
Hawk is what them niggas call me, cause they all be
Suckin' my dick and on my mother fucking balls, G
I know the half, so I laugh wit' 'em
Blood bath went I let the fuckin' rap hit 'em
Full clip, but only half did 'em
That's all it took, another crook
Taken out over a dirty look
I bag game with niggas I leave shot dead
You're only taken a piss from me with hot led
You know my style faggot, cause I'm always schemin'
In jail, niggas holdin' a sink screamin'
Police, but you got no peace
Yo, was that you big man, and alot mo' grease
All I gets is pounds, you ain't want none of this
Back streets are like track meets cause I be runnin' this


Ain't nowhere to run (cause I be runnin' this)
Ain't nowhere to hide (come on)
Ain't nowhere to go (cause I be runnin' this)
Reaper saved your soul (come on)


Surroned by the colors, I see crimson, black and blue (come on)
Locking open doors again, I'm still afraid of you (straight up, mother fucker)
Light to dark, then light again, I always thought I knew (come on)
Young to old and young again, what's left for me to do? (straight up)
Center of the universe, collecting me in time (come on)
I'm falling down upon the earth, and singing truth in rhyme (come on)
If I was a rolling stone, I'd roll until I'm through (come on)
And if I was a garden I would bloom in black for you (Dirt Dog in effect)




Ahhhh, yi yi yi yi (come on)




Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
What you mother fuckers invented
Is the craziest nigga that ever been invented
Ha ha ha ha ha
Most know, don't front on Ol' Dirty Bastard
Ha ha ha ha
I call on Jesus
There's no obstacles that you have to jump
There's no walls that you have to climb
This is real, this is elementary dear
Elementary, Watson, Elementary
Ahhhhh
I ain't no pictue on your fucking wall, necklace wearin' beard
You don't want this money till it's rich
Buy my album, coded by Dirty, set you free
Go against the grain, I got the p
I know you don't recognize me now
I dunked your tongue
How many lightening bulbs do it take to light up a fuck mode?
Brothers, people, you'd better get the fuck off of me
We don't need it, it gets more ugly
Fools tryin' to bust their ass
Tryin' to get away from me when I said my real name
I call myself in the niggas butthole
All the same, all the same, all the same


Ain't nowhere to run
Ain't nowhere to hide
Ain't nowhere to go
Reaper saved your soul


Ahhh yi yi yi yi
What, motherfucker?
Don't try to psychology my shit, motherfucker
Cause you'll never psychology it, motherfucker
Never, never, never, motherfucker, never




Word up, you know the flavor, bounce to the beat
It's the Funkmaster Flex to make you lean in your jeep
On, one time for your mind
C. Boogie break 'em off a little something!


Hey, yo, check it out, it's real late in the morning
All these other DJ's, they really got me yawning
But when Funkmaster Flex gets the radio hyped
The people of type, it's time to wipe
All the MC's that think they can rap real fresh
Now the Boogie to the Brown comes off and I pass any test
Like and SAT that inspires
All I ever wanted was my name on fliers
Blowing up the spot, rock hard, with the rhythm that goes around the clock
Tick tick tock is the hands of time
So listen to a brother as I start to climb
It's like that, that that or this
Get up and get dissed because my crew makes five fingers and a fist
That's right, reminice over cuts and give me a kiss baby doll

"Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x)


Shoot me down, hear the sound
WOOO, tight rugged-ass hip-hip sound
Here I go again, something brand new
Like my mom-AHH, rough any son out of the blue
Straight to the point baby, I was born to be dope
I was doing me, doooing meeee, DOOOOING MEEEEE, nope
You slept on the record now it's time to break out
Like a 40 being cracked, tasting good down the neck
The lyric that I'm kicking to you from the crib
All in together now, funky like a shoe
Baby, I love rap and rap loves me
Like a sister to a microphone to an MC
What is an MC if he has no flow?
Go aheeeeeaaaad, it's that in, Inspector Closeau
Uh, Black Panther, would you do me? No sir
Doing me is like a fisherman without water
Then what could you catch? Nothing, stop fronting
That's like a man with no legs kicking something
What could you kick if you're not that slick
Another flip to God, it's like Hot without him sir!
What is your mission, please allow me to rock the spot!
Kill a cop, don't cop walk do jop!

"Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x)


The Biz came here to rock you and really blow your mind
I can't really do it to you girl, I can do it to you anytime
I don't mean no harm girl, all I want to do is sing
With Funkmaster Flex on the turntables, and I am the microphone king
I am down with the F-L-I-P Squad and you know I'm the
Uh, original B-I-Z Markie, hey now
You know me as the o-rig-in-al B-I-Z dub-iz uh A-R-K I with the E
Best in Zing, man-appointed rap king
Now I am bug-ging on the mic, no it's me, do what I like
Now I'm sending this out to New Jersey and the Boogie Down
Can't forget um, um, um, the Queens and
Brooklyn is on the scene and
Uptown, Manhattan, and Connecticut, it don't matter to me
Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all
Party having people guaranteed to be like having a ball
I'm the original one
It don't matter to me because you know I sound so full and
Ahhhhh, number like addition
Super-educated, I'm on top of the list and
This is something for the radio, hoe
You know me, cause I am on the go
Another mic and DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH
I make that out of my mind
Now I can sing a record, I get respected
I'm never neglected, while connected, Kyle connected
You know me, I'm the original B, Funkmaster
I'm just buggin', I'll just leave

"Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x)



Yeah! Yeah!


Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!
Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!

Wu-Tang fuck niggas up
Straight up
We talking about how y'all feeling
Killarmy in the place to be


Yo yo, 
Get up on stage and control your hoes while your hoin'
Don't get it in line, I'm a celebrity
All you chump ass niggas 'round me
You can't get it for free
I break down your whole army
I'm wearing a two-hundred pound vest on
A two-hundred pound ankle bracelet on
A two-hundred pound wrist band on
I'm healthy and I'm strong, fuck it
You pussies are hypnotized
Now get on you pussy and ride
I only do to the bitches my fans
And if you like it we'll do it again and again
You wanna 
Take off your shoes bitch , don't feel bored


Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!
Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!


I come to bite your neck
I keep chains around your neck
You'll never stop choking
Around your ankles
I keep a pair of handcuffs round them


Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!
Bitches better obey me
Because I'm the truth! Truth!



"Please calm down, the music & everything, everything
(?) I went and bought me an outfit today that costed a lot of money, today
You know what I mean, because I figured that Wu-Tang was gonna win
I don't know how y'all see it, but when it comes to the children, Wu-Tang is for the children, we teach the children
You know what I mean, Puffy is good but WU-TANG IS THE BEST!
Okay, I want y'all to know that this is ODB and I LOVE YOU ALL, Peace!"

-Ol' Dirty Bastard's Classic 1998 Grammy Cameo (R.I.P.)



(Ol Dirty Bastard is doing a Martin Lawrence comedy skit from Raw)
(this is going on in the background during the Intro and part
Of the first verse)

You know God damn well I don't smoke this shit Meth
 Know damn well I don't smoke this sheyit
Know damn well!
I remember when we used to go down to the creek
Member when we used to go down to the creek?
And used to dip your head in the water?
Everybody thought you had it in you, you know
You used to jump out the water
The water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy
What? I said the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy



Clean out my vocals
Yeah, I said YEAH
I said zuckazuhzuhzuh, zuckazuhzuh

Chkccha ckchcka Brooklyn, zucka Zoo
C'mon baby baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, c'mon!



Superlogical this, superlogical that
I detect a nigga dialect by the way he rap
I elect myself President MC
My career so intelligent, unique physique
Then with mathematics, not democratic
Static, topic, Asiatic
Zssshuh, them unique, never leak, brlaharl...
Bring it on back

Superlogical this, superlogical that
I detect your dialect by the way you rappp!
I elect myself President MC
My career so intelligent, unique physique
Doin mathematics and I'm not democratci
No static, topic, I'm Asiatic
See, I'm Unique, never... blarhalal...



Crazy, lurkin in the shadows, I'm shady, sheisty
Get your weight up, don't take me lightly
Blasted, dirty to the grain I be stained with the madness
It's the Meth-Tical with the Bastard

MZA MZA my name is the Ol Dirty Bas
My gammmmme, to kick your ass
Dnnah duh dnnh dnnh duh duh!
Dnnah dnh duh duh duh dahhhhhh!

Flip and relax, take an Ex-Lax, I'm shittin
On the industry that was frontin now they missin
What everybody else is gettin
Cuz they wasn't representin the real...

...appeal, like me and, old time
When it comes to the microphone who killed the swine?
Be the original G
Do the rhymin on time and in the place to be



You are now in my trance
You are getting sleeeeeepyyyyyy
You are now getting sleeeepyyyyy
And sleeeeppieeerrrrr
And sleepy, and sleepy



This one here's for my people, my people
Enter the 36 chambers, the sequel
Part two, for me and the cipher troop
With the Teflon lyrics that you can't get through
With the twenty-two automatic rap you pack, what?
You ain't hittin with that wack shit you kickin
Straight from the beginning, of the game
All the way to the ninth inning, I bring the pain
Dark like the midnight train on the track by the RZA
Diesel like Arnold Schwarzanegger



The hardware, choose the hardware
Ask you a question, test the Ason
Extra extra, read the drama and thennn another one
Which you intrigue, do your rap fatigue in the...
Ohhhh....
Here I go, aauhhh
Yeahhh...
(shit that makes me high)



(p. 21-2)

Date of transcription: 11/05/1999

On November 3, 1999, RUSSELL JONES also known as (AKA) OLD DIRTY BASTARD was interviewed at TARGET PROGRAM REHAB CENTER, 1680 N. Fair Oaks Street, Pasadena, California. Also present during the interview was New York City Police Department Detective, Brooklyn Intelligence Division, . After being advised as to the identities of the interviewers and the purpose of the interview, JONES provided the following information:

JONES had returned from California to New York the night before he was robbed. He parked his Range Rover outside the project houses of  (phonetic) lived in apartment 1A. JONES planned on spending the night at the apartment. JONES was traveling alone without any bodyguards.

JONES was asleep in a bedroom in the apartment. A male cousin was asleep on the bed next to the one JONES was occupying.  to tell the children to keep the door locked because they were constantly running in and out of the apartment.

JONES was awaken from his sleep by a man who was pointing .357 or .45 caliber grey gun in his face. JONES was unaware of what was happening and reacted by jumping up from the bed. The UNKNOWN MALE (UNM1) and JONES wrestled until the UNM1 shot JONES in the arm and back. At first JONES was not aware that he was shot. After shooting JONES, the UNM1 started to flee from the apartment but a second UNKNOWN MALE (UNM2) that was standing by the front door of the apartment said to the UNM1 "you got the shit". It is at this point that the UNM1 returned to the bedroom that JONES was occupying. JONES confronted him and asked him do you want my jewelry and the UNM1 stole JONES' jewelry from his body. The UNM1 stole a linked chain with a "7" charm on it and rings all totaling approximately $10,000. After securing the jewelry, the two (2) UNKNOWN MALES fled the apartment. JONES's cousin who was laying in the bed next to him arouse after the UNKNOWN MALES fled the apartment. JONES drove himself to St. John's hospital where he was treated for the gun shot wound.

Before the robbery occurred, JONES's sister, who lives in the projects in Brooklyn, NY heard that when "dirty" came around he was going to be hit. JONES thinks that his sister, cousin and/or his little cousin  (phonetic) LNU knows who committed the robbery. JONES never investigated who robbed him because he did not want to cause problems for his family who still lives in the projects where the robbery occurred. JONES has not returned to the projects since the incident.

JONES described the UNM1 as being taller than he, wearing a black mask, and a light blue t-shirt with brown skin. UNM1 carried the gun in his right hand. JONES could only provide a brief description of UNM2 because he only got a momentary glimpse of him. The UNM2 was also wearing a black ski mask. JONES believed the UNKNOWN MALES were young in age because of the way they behaved during the robbery.

Two(2) years ago, JONES was robbed while in the Kingston projects. JONES was also shot during this robbery.



Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard

Sup? Let's go
(Yo Snoop Dogg! Yo Dre! Yo Too $hort! E-40, and the motherfucking Click!)
Nuff respect to the West coast
(Duhhn duhhn duhhn)
Yo, Ol Dirty Bastard coming through
Know what I'm saying? I got the East coast locked the FUCK down
Hear my SHIT, nigga! (Dirty dirty dirty, Brooklyn!)

Verse One: 12 O'Clock

Shit is crazy real in the field
I watched niggas blood get spilled over five dollar bills
And major drug deals on the real
See a nigga get meals and his bitch get him killed
In this American dream to get some cream
You're ownin a Beem, and your face in magazines
12 O'Clock maintains in the game
Bring the Pain to smokin Method, main
It's not all about the fame, silly ass dames
Get a gold record and you change
And for the niggas sellin cocaine, you're too blame
Black people lives ain't the same
And that's the Tale in my Hood
Niggas is up to no good, you better watch em in them hoods

Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard

I always thought livin life was easy
Go to school, get a job, yo it couldn't be me
So instead, I played my bed
My momma got fed, and now a nigga livin with a dread
My best fuckin friend, knew him since ten
Nigga feed me CREAM, let me whip the Benz
Houses all over Texas, lightning gold Lexus
He had enough respect to dress this
Expensive Tim suits, girl wearin fly Gucci boots
Put me on like POOK!
Every morning that I awake
Ten G's in my fuckin face, combination to the safe!
Son run the state, carrying coke by the weight
Nigga put pounds in the weed gate
And it's ran by Ol Dirty
12 O'Clock, my little brother, he keeps it dirty
Dirty

[Fuck all that motherfucking drug selling shit
I wanna see some motherfucking lyrics
I wanna hear some motherfucking lyrics
What up nigga, what?]

Hahahahahahahahahahaha
I got you nigga

Verse Three: 12 O'Clock, Ol Dirty Bastard

I'll rip mics on site you know the type
New Jack, this is my City like Wesley Snipes
Go fly a kite or somethin, make some muffins
I come up bad in the town like Charles Bronson
Now set your speaker and I'll do you for that reason
12 is no joke I bring wreck through the seasons
Solomon, contend, many more but just when
That Joker act you can save for Jack Nicholson

One two and three, through your rap fatigue
In the MC world, is a minor league
What you speak, you swear it's unique
It's just a peek, physique, of an old antique
Don't expect a project, then it's bound to freeze
Your whole head is stuck and stiff
Next Siamese, I never liked rhymes
That's incomplete, then again obsolete
I shall repeat, there's an Easy Street
For niggas who earned, then learn your sojourn
Then you return, as an intelligent, positive, messanger
Not an experiment negative Lucifer
With a tittling gloss of crafted skin
Nothing like spring sauce, of the true origin
Who would score, the wizard of war
Came in best man was a god damn dinosaur
No more jungle-like living, from the Blue Lagoon
It's not an Animal House, National loon Lampoon
If you understand the what when
Why how, are you fellas who exempt
Or to disallow, a fresh MC, that will knock you down
I gets dizzy spellbound like a merry-go-round
While I'm freaking, shall I expose
You take a subject, and then you decompose...




I want two beef patties, special sauce, onions, tomatoes
Lettuce, on a sesame seed bun... on a a sesame seed bun, you big dummy!
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (I want two beef patties)
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (with onions... special sauce)
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (cheese on the special sauce sesame seed bun!)
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (you big dummy!)
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh


I rock the mic and make the crowd said "Ho!"
People if you ready to ride, then let's go
The older the wine, the more vintage
Each sentence, mature like stock dropped on beat
Sold in it's highest peak, the black panther
Call him for the answer, the Shadow Dancer
No cure for the cancer, carefully approach this near-ville approach
Tension in the street, we stressed and wanna eat
Supply, meet the demand for those who get high
Sly & the Family, carve my name in Stone, peace to Angie
On and On, Chief Jay Strong'
.44 long, state today's math and what's ya name born
The Abbott had his head reflectin' off the chrome
Bank loan for a mil', Oprah, hold me down like Dr. Phil


This is napsack rap, oint joint gas
My gats point at you now you can't point back
Penetratin' skulls, I'm diggin' holes like the mole
My sword will not dull
My daily toil's: to protect the Earth so the seeds won't spoil
Ya Frankenstein type mind like Peter Boil
Hooked on that Power-U, money, weed, power, too
Powerful God-U, fine booze, lines of snooze 
Clouds of smoke, we smoke to daybreak
We keep the leaves soaked, in that PC
Y'all best to run when y'all see me
I'm like Godzilla stompin' through Mt. Fiji
On his way to Tokyo
You hollow block head tell lies like Pinochio
Flip the Nokio phone, call my nigga T.S
"How you want the Triple X rock cut? V.S.?"
Or Princess, or simply solid
The Prince word is worth more than the wallet


Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bone!
Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bonnnne!
Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bone!
Doggy doggy! (I said!) We'll steal your bone!


I said, two beef patties, special sauce
Onions, tomatoes, lettuce on a sesame seed bun
On a sesame seed bun, you big dummy!!
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh
Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh



* original version w/o The Clipse, additional two ODB verses


Operator (operator)
Get the police (she's so fine)
Operator (operator)
Get the police (she's so finen)
Look at that girl (she's so fine)
Look at that girl (say it again)
Look at that girl (must be a crime)
Operator


Met this bitch, by the name of Suzy
She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty
She got me set up, when I went to the projects
Bad ass bitch, she was the one to holla at
Had another bitch by the name of Precilla
You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla
In my car, looking good like that
Getting money, making rushes, down with rats
Saying to myself, no one can defeat me
I got my dick out, come on bitch, feed me
Let shit out, go down the throat
Nigga like me, never miss a note
If rain, I got coke, so I can't soaked
Make a nigga go, I takes that dough
Get hot like Superfly
I'm the best at this shit and I don't know why




Girls with money, drippin' from your ass
I don't give a fuck, I'm smoking grass
You known me from down the block, I'm that good
Sold to your people in your neighborhood
Baby how you want, the period is yummy
The diamonds in my mouth, I'm eatin' gummy
The feet bitch, I'm not lookin' at the corn
The way you farted, smell like them horns
You got enough body, enough to start a fight
Your deep throat, me solo, say all night
I'm movin' on you, screwin' on you
Don't know what I'm doing on you
Ain't your man, but I know I'm chewing on you
You'll be best, when me and you leave the set
Got rubies, how did you get them neck?
How do you feel about that bitch, if the bitch is a fatty
Hit that bitch, now take it from me




If you ain't sweating, there's something wrong, girl
(I am....) Say it louder


Now bitch tell me right now, why you trying to kill me
As if that I like bitches like Eazy-E
You float like a butterfly, sting like a bee
Knock that ho out like Muhammad Ali
Spin in my mouth, throw your knees to the floor
Squeel like a pig, I squeel like a whore
Squeel like a motherfucker, do on tour
69 girl, get on all fours
Winter, Spring, Summertime, Fall
When I walk down the street, do a man whore
Black blueberry bitch, stink, girls itch
Forget two G, I'm filthy man rich
Tuesday, Wednesday, I take off
Get it bitch, get it, my dick needs floor
I'm gonna get this CREAM, teen girl, hurt you, fuck laws
Movin' on your broads, fly skit tours






Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!)
Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!)
Look at that girl! (she so fine!)
Look at that girl! (say it again!)
Look at that girl! (must be a crime!)
Look at that girl! (OWW!!)


Yo! Met this bitch by the name of Subie
She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty
She got me setting up when I went to the projects
Bad ass bitch she was the one to holla at
Had another bitch by the name of Pricilla
You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla
In my car looking good like that
Getting money, making records, down with rap
Saying to myself, no one can defeat me
I got my dick out, c'mon bitch beat me!
Let that shit out, go down your throat
Nigga like me, never miss a note
If rain I got coats so I can't get soaked
Make a nigga know I take's that dough
Get high like Supa Fly
I'm the best, that's the shit now I don't know why




Bitch please! Come live out your fantasies
Dollars and diamonds, like on my Ice Creams
1K jeans wit belt and white tee
I sling white balls give fiends a pipe dream
Well in this scene in my british queen
The ignition's on the left but yes it's the right theme
Engine full of horses, chariots the king
The B's in the middle like it's tittie fucking the wings
Pornographic, the voice so drastic
Without a +Reasonable Doubt+ I'm +classic+
Cake-aholic the same way - that Dame Dash is
But I bakes my cakes, bag 'em up in plastic (UHH!)
Halloween 'em up, trick yeah I treat 'em up
Lou' Vuitton a toe, watch how the hoes eat 'em up
Ma I said I'm finger licking good, ah yes we Re
As if invisible Juice, you niggas can't see me!




If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl!
(I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder!
If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl!
(I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder!
If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl!
(I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder!
If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl!
(I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder!


She so fine, all she need now is a baller
Who better fit the bill? I myself, I'm a starter
In the game, you could tell by the charter
G4, Lear, or the Yacht in the harbor
Mama come to papa, don't it feel at home here?
All the comforts of it, you ain't got a care
Don't love me wit your heart, love me from a far
Now sit, look pretty like you came wit the car
Diamonds in the ear lobe, wrapped in the mink
Condo chillin, I be tickled pink
Not worrying bout the next bitch or what people think
If I say they don't exist, POOF the extinct
Mama - no! we don't need the drama
All we need is south beach, puffing on Habanas
You just strike a match girl, do your man a honors
Next week Cali, we up in Las Palmas






Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone


We don't hunt deer
Vegetarian dishes from the concierge
Presidential suites, presidential treats
Brazilian models, oilin' up my feet
10 days a month, my girl pays for lunch
3 days a week, we work out at Crunch
Time after time, line after line
Our stock increases, rhyme after rhyme
In the valley, of San Fernando
Found Q-Tip's wallet in El Segundo
Prolly been spotted on Telemundo
With more wild cards than a box of Uno
That spin like propeller, my dog like Old Yeller
Holler at the moon, my goons at Coachella


Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone


I got my hands in the pot, 500 grand in the yacht
I'm the dope man with plans to expand on every block
Wu-brand, legendary hands, hard as penitentiary rock
Now put that to your temple, the Wu symbol's 'bout to drop
Insert the beam on my Glock, got that lean in my bottle
What that mean? High self esteem, straight cream on the top
Ridin' chops similar to UFC kickbox, kick rocks
Dirty trucker pit stops, shit, grams in a Ziploc
Watch how the pitbull lock his jaws, then lock your doors
Feds watch the boards, hip hop spills out my pores
I be raw, for fourscore plus 7 more
The Clan rock the tours, we be them reservoir dogs


Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier


Guaranteed I bang hard
I plan to leave the game large, no brainwash
The devil himself could not persuade God, my blade's sharp
Circle my square, I dare you Braveheart
Before I leave your head in your hands, what's your name, huh?
My lines get in your cells like 7 Ls
Any problem, I address you like I'm sendin' you mail
Let me do well, they'd rather see me dead or in jail
But let it be my life story if they ever do tell
Know I died for what I live
An intimate connection for that infinite reflection
That's my wife and my kids, there's a price on my lid
So now my stock's high and shots fired
My niggas who was tight with the kid
I'm hot as Hell's Kitchen with the oven on
Deck bomb, teflon the rappers nothin' to a don
If I'm frontin' then respond
If not, throw up your arms, it's the Killer Bee swarm
And your set, the fuck is y'all?


You entering the 36, mastering the 18
Sliding across chamber sixth, hands down that'll crush bricks
Backs thatll break bats, this is what y'all wanted back
Classic Wu RZA track with Mathematic actual facts
That weigh heavy, the universal striking attack
Dance the drunken medley, long axe blade, machete
The shadow stepping ninja


Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier




Do we drop this? Play the game..
Do we drop this? Do we drop this?
Do-do-do-do-do we drop this?


You say you wanna play the game
And you wanna state your claim
You're living in your life of fame
And you wanna do ya tha-ang-ang


I got hoes to shake and doughs to make
Niggas act up and I've got bones to break
I'm supposed to take what's mines so I do
Mad fucking ass, big cash and Lex Coupes
The ice with the birds, the house in the suburbs
Ace out-stated to Brook-nam, we laced out
What's the point of beef when our shit stay locked?
We've got payroll cops and niggas that run the block
More big stashes, chickens in the smashes
Gigantic bottles, lies everlasting
Fuck with the Grime and my mind is Zu
You'll be hanging on the rope, nigga feel the clips
See ya mans get fucked up and stuffed with chips
Now what? Can you taste the fifth to ya lips?
Now it's time for setups, dramas, fucking fed up
All ya haters enter, mothafuckas get beret' up
Come on!




You've been in this game for so long
You know you've gotta move on


I stay in the mix
On the move so quick, the Sugar Shane miss
Can't find me? I'm probably in the lobby, liming
I'm smoking lime green spliffs the size of sugar cane sticks
I hustle weed, stash in a hole in the wall
While I'm outside looking for sales, holding the door
Block hot like an oven would be (so what?)
But I'ma do what I do 'til somebody puts stuff in me
Put my wild life on TV like Discovery
I roll for dolie, get bent like both knees
Squatting to leave the whole building smokey
I do the dew, don't drink soda
Stay armed like the human shoulders
Got you fooled thinking I'm innocent
When I take right to the crime like it's made by intimates
Ladies and gentlemen.. (Dirt McGirt!)






Do we drop this shit? Is it funky for you?
Or is it madness? Is it real for you?
Enough hits, party funky for you
Stomp ya feet, makes it smell doo-doo
Rap changes, ya ass on it
Ol' Dirty mothafucka, Dirt bring out no doubt


Eh-yo we don't want no problems, I ain't got nuts in my pants
But I sure now got the steel that make you do it in any dance
TV breaks critters
We explained on them why the heat takes and dead beats someone's face
You got a problem? Watch the nine solve it
You don't think I'll pop him? Watch the nine pop, BOW!
Nothing to lose as long as I'm rocking the tools
Shocked for the fool, who said it couldn't happen to you?
Eh-yo, Brook-lawn Chronicles shown on channel two
Smoke Jones and he'll beat bones, laughing at you
Pass the punani 'pon the left hand side
The nice dripping sperm left of the eye
Now you gone, ya crew's gone, what went wrong?
You said you some of the tough guys, ya so loose con






(Roll back, roll back) play the game
(Roll back, roll back) state ya claim
(Roll back, roll back)
(Roll back, roll back)
(Roll back, roll back) so long
(Roll back, roll back) move on
(Roll back, roll back) so long
(Dirt McGirt!.. Dirt McGirt!)




1-2, 1-2, 1-2 (guess who's raw?)
Yeah mothafucker, you know who it is
Ol' Dirty Bastard a.k.a. Dirt McGirt
Killin' anything that moves
1-2, 1-2, 1-2 (guess who's raw?)
Yeah mothafucker, you know who it is
Ol' Dirty Bastard a.k.a. Dirt McGirt
Killin' anything that moves
You know what time it is
Neptunes mothafucker.. The Neptunes
Yo 1-2, 1-2 (yeah this shit don't stop!)


Plug it up, cocaine make ya speakers blow
Party amps gettin' sniffed up now wit it too
When there's somethin' in my camp, a wireless amp
High as a ramp, speak to Wu like stamp
The wet got me damp, pussy darker than lamp
Moses you don't want to 'ttempt, I see all fans
I'm too drunk too, now you like "Move!"
Coked out in Peru, in hair/here like shampoo
Small like snubs, camera to you scrubs
Kinda like stubs, confidential at the club
Sniff buds like Rule, I fast Ghost like Wu
Get CREAM like tube, burn ya fast food
Appeared in rude, we'll take ya panties off nude
Yes and renewed, big guns and clued
Bitch I'm loose like Lugz, Dirty to the litter bug
Girls you like hugs? I don't like thugs


Pop shit, bitch what's wrong?
Pop shit, nigga what's wrong?
(Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH!
(Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH!
(Me and my niggas about to get...) SUED!
(Me and my niggas about to stop..) YOU!


Aiyo all this shit is from the ghetto
Smoke Palmetto, sing like Peno
Carry the Heathrows, scared of police though
They tried to kill O. in prison yo!
Had me turned out, drunk is all about
I got this money pourin' out the stout
I'm a loud mouth, drunk party is out
Play this music on every route
Follow Dirty, I'm the WhiteOut
Catch bitches like trout, get drunk, won't stop
I'm gettin' this money, called gettin' honey
Streets of Brooklyn and ain't a damn thing funny
Have a day sunny, bitches put me in ya tummy
I'm the nigga on the cross burnin' about 20
Go me a bunny lookin' good and funny
All you niggas, is straight crash dummies



I was checkin' out my melody before The Blueprint
Felony, a nuisance, huggin' me and my two cents
Don't double the six takes, never did a mixtape
But rather a chick take but waste any weather we get cake
I let rats have it, fuck these rap faggots!
Everybody want the kid dead like Pat Garrett
I'm a goon, speak with a mellow tone
Rock yellow stones, gun longer than a broom!
Cause felon on the ride is long due and soon
Out again like boom, government comin' soon
Anything less is uncivilized like it tastes mad
I'm a shoot a youth's Sajak, cooler than a mayback
Arubu known to collect, twistin' up that haze black
And Backwood on that, hoodrat, I stay strapped
P.P., don't carry that weight
Nigga redhead, fuck with chicks if their head straight



Yeah you know what time it is
It's that new shit
Dirt McGirt, Neptunes




Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty
"See my name is the ODB"
"The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"


As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts
As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts


'86 was the year that it started
Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin'
Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics
Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects
Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it
You be sitting in the county, with like 3 or 4 charges
Young when started, but I had a talent
To get this package up, cuz I took it as a challenge
The older niggas game me much as I can handle
Cop the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit
I'm feelin' clean, I was only thirteen
With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans
My name's spelled right on my four finger ring
It was Dirt then, cuz McGirt you ain't seen

"The Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Rollin...."




Toe to toe, I scrap with the best
If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect
If you ain't feelin' 1 or 2, I respect
Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set
Wu-Tang, man I love my set
Niggas comin' up here, this is where the G's at
Look here, more money, more problems, my ass
You'se a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real
That's a trick to try to keep you where you at
All content, while niggas ridin' Bentley's and Maybach
Think I'mma lay back, playa, forget it
First hundred G's, I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it
And that's some real shit, not just a lyric
Drop a couple open cases, not too specific
Niggas out here tryin' to prove whose the realest
It's ok to pop shit, but come a little different

"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The ODB"
"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"



"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"See my name is the ODB"






None of you, nuh, betta look at funny
Nuh, you know my name now -- ODB


As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!)
As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!)


'86 was the year that it started
Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin'
Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics
Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects
Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it
You be sitting in the county, with like 3 or 4 charges
Young when started, but I had a talent
To get this package off, cuz I took it as a challenge
Til older niggas game me much as I can handle
Cop the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit
I'm feelin' clean, I was only thirteen
With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans
My name's spelled right on my four finger ring
It was Dirt then, cuz McGirt you ain't seen




Toe to toe, I scrap with the best
If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect
If you in front of 1 or 2, I respect
Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set
Wu-Tang, man I love my set
Niggas comin' up here, this is where the G's at
Look here, more money, more problems, my ass
You'se a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real
That's a trick to try to keep you where you at
All content, while niggas ridin' Bentley's and Maybach
Think I'mma lay back, playa, forget it
First hundred G's, I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it
And that's some real shit, not just a lyric
Drop a couple open cases, not too specific
Niggas out here tryin' to prove whose the realest
It's ok to pop shit, but come a little different




"ODB" - cut it up
"Recognize I'm a fool, and you lovin' me"





 + (ODB samples)
Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty
"See my name is the ODB"
"The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"


As I pooooooooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts
As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts


Eighty-six was the year that it started
Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin
Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics
Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects
Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it
You'd be sittin in the county with like 3 or 4 charges
Young I started, but I had a talent
To get this crack cooked, cause I took it as a challenge
So older niggas gave me much as I can handle
Copped the Eagle, started jackin with the green New Balance shit
I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen
With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans
My name spelled out on my four finger ring
It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen

"The Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Rollin...."

 - repeat 2X w/ more samples scratched in


Toe to toe, I scrapped with the best
If I spit ten rhymes, nigga nine gon' connect

 + (Ol' Dirty)
Crime time, one-seven-one-eight Marxmen
Chill Dirty I got this (Tell 'em who the fuck Iiii BE!)
F-I, Z, Z-Y
Famesta bitch; duke you ain't heard, you fuckin with
Weird Al Yankovich, Brook-nam bangers
See y'all niggas still boppin to bullshit, that ain't the shit
Shame on a nigga that tried to run game on a nigga
Then, tuck in his chain on a nigga
I thought you used to pop that thang thang on a nigga
And air blocks out like bang bang on a nigga
You pussy! Fuck the shit you talkin duke
Cause everybody can smell it when yo' punk ass walkin duke
Get it right, it's the Ol' Dirty Bastard
With them old dirty bastards, from Brownsville (motherfucker)

"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The ODB"
"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"

 - repeat 2X w/ more samples scratched in

"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"See my name is the ODB"

 - repeat to fade w/ more samples scratched in



 + (ODB samples)
Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty
"See my name is the ODB"
"The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"


As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts
As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts
As I pooooooooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts
As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts


Eighty-six was the year that it started
Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin'
Back then, they had to catch it with narcotics
Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects
Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it
You'd be sittin in the county with like 3 or 4 charges
Young and started, but I had a talent
To get this package off, cause I took it as a challenge
So older niggas gave me much as I can handle
Copped the Eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit
I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen
With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans
My name spelled out on my four finger ring
It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen

"The Ol' Dirty Bastard"
"Rollin...."




Toe to toe, I scrapped with the best
If I spit ten rhymes, nigga nine gon' connect


Crime time, one-seven-one-eight Marxmen
Chill Dirty I got this


Tell 'em who the fuck I be


F-I, Z, Z-Y
Famesta bitch; duke you ain't heard, you fuckin with
Weird Al Yankovich, Brook-nam bangers
See y'all niggas still boppin to bullshit, that ain't the shit
Shame on a nigga that tried to run game on a nigga
Then, tuck in his chain on a nigga
I thought you used to pop that thang thang on a nigga
And air blocks out like bang bang on a nigga
You pussy, fuck the shit you talkin duke
Cause everybody can smell it when yo' punk ass walkin duke
Get it right, it's the Ol' Dirty Bastard
With them old dirty bastards, from Brownsville, motherfucker

"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The ODB"
"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."
"The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard"



"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang"
"See my name is the ODB"






None of you, nuh, betta look at funny
Nuh, you know my name now -- ODB


As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!)
As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!)


'86 was the year that it started
Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin
Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics
Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects
Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it
You be sittin in the county, with like 3 or 4 charges
Young when started, but I had a talent
To get this package off, cause I took it as a challenge
So older niggas game me much as I can handle
Copped the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit
I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen
With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans
My name spelled out on my four finger ring
It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen
(Yeah yeah yeah, alright let's get into it right now)

Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang




Toe to toe, I scrap with the best
If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect
If you in front of one or two, I respect
Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set
Wu-Tang, man I love my set
Niggas comin up here, this is where the G's at - look here
More money, more problems, my ass
Youse a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real
That's a trick to try to keep you where you at, all content
While niggas ridin Bentleys and Maybachs
Think I'mma lay back playa, forget it
First hundred G's I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it
And that's some real shit, not just a lyric
Got a couple open cases, not too specific
Niggas out here tryin to prove whose these realest
It's okay to pop shit, but come a little different

Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang




"ODB" - cut it up
"Recognize I'm a fool, and you love me!"


Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella


Cli-Clinton Sparks
"Get get familiar!
Smash Squash




Get prepared for the Buddha Monk
You wanna get high? Roll up the skunk
Ladies and gentlemen..


Yo, turn this shit up, man
Turn the mics open.. turn the mic up, man
I want.. I want the mic.. I want the mic to shake
The mic don't even sound good at all
Man, what's up with that shit?
Each one of these niggas try to say a rhyme
They don't wanna work through that shit
KnawI'msayin? Niggas gotta learn how to feel that shit..
If you're feelin with me, then you're dealin with filth
If you can barely hear it then you need to go




It's a Buddha Monk show
Brooklyn Zu niggas slumped, high off at Duck Low


Nosy wails tales from a High Plainz Drifta
Bounty Killer, most wanted villain
Dead or alive, to survive we strive off gun smoke
I toke, the Colt forty-five
Desert Eagle, rips through cerebral tissue
The issue, gun slingin, drug dealin, four wheelin
Appealin chicks, up jumps the bullshit
And it's a hit, a tale of two hoes
Songs about clothes, need to be thrown out ya fuckin window
Niggas lovin hoes, lickin their toes
I suppose you high from the candy, for the nose
Niggas is a joke, I take a toke of the lye
And all the batty boys go boom bye bye




Simply fucked up
These niggas spreadin rumors and get touched up
By M three-eighty-oh, Musa on the low
Get ya high with fly style, rugged profile
With chuckers, you know its time for some pound to go
Now suckers, get they fuckin neck broke in my book
Strike, if you don't want to get hype then stay put
Bop shit like like liquid lips, spit like Mac's spit
Burnin in whips, sippin and dip cops and shit
The God can't slip, I hold the weight above my shoulders
Fake toasters get bust back and still in the holster


Don't play this shit backwards, it goes "MC's lack this"
Deep in the corridors of the ghettos where I yap this
Heads try to plot on this, kidnap us like slaves, du'
Doggy, he's Wu, he's the brand new craze
Young child misbehave on brand new styles that's bathed
And addict was holdin black back in his earlier days
I had badder days, that was better days and skills pays
Still got laid, rollin on through these street trades
Each corner is equality, baby, do you follow me?
Diggin in the Crates to write this sawed off biography
While your girl be hard, gosh in me, partially, properly
Cuz you know the Gods be, I be new born to this, see?
My mom's givin me a kiss and the first whif for me to
Live off this and your shit too
Gods Ezekiel, do a due to live proof through
My rhymes will be findin you, black will be designed you
Dig into my chronicle, so I can unbondage you
They let you see what they want you to
But things is right in front of you


Ladies and gentlemen...


Yes, we leave your brain demented, these God-bodies invented
A skill of Resident Evil with no follow-up sequels
My peoples, don't let the devil mislead you and beat you
Wicked minds they feed through, sayin it here for the people
It's unbelieveable, weak minds they retrieve through
Schemin for the CREAM, rejoice in the Land of the Dreams
Slide the poison in the weak germs, black babies turn to earthworms
In holocaust you must learn to speak your devil terms
Your mind is tapped like forgery and everything you say is watery
What you ought to do genius is stop karma like Twelve Monkeys




I be the rap head and the mic's my pipe
I'm about to get everybody high tonight
You ain't had no cool shit like this since '95
My Cuffie tribe is mad live, people do or die
And I be comin with the good shit, soundin like dope
I know you smoke it, but you won't get high, off this note
Have you up, really up like cocaine, you thought you could reign?
But all you did was throw mad pain, like diamonds
You could say I'm the lady's best friend
And when it come to makin lyrics, I will represent
Yo, climbin the charts like a cat
I'm rollin with mad clips and gats
I can't be stopped, like this is Shitty City
And my Zu rolls thick, floodin the country with massive hits


Yo, the pictures you painted and paragraphs is half-assed
A hard task to accomplish, I'm a full definition of skills
Being impressive, one rhyme is selfish, it's known as relatives
Objective and goal, make an emcee concentrate
You're frustrated, when you examined
Vocals' movin forward, with left and right pannin
You're shootin tranquilizers, reach out as Spiritual touch
This Brooklyn warrior walks with stab wounds to the gut
You picked up twenty yards in rushin, menustrate
Got hit, your backbone couldn't hold the weight
Shit shift, like a burnt out clutch, position
Twenty-two yard line, you're out of fuckin commission
I'm fuckin up beats like Vodka from Finland, fatigue shit is green
And left them calm like they we're all ready
My shit is point blank period like a bitch bleedin heavy
Spillin over the same pad, from my month, befall ass


This is lyrical insanity and mandatory we bust
All you so-called crazy niggas still get touched
Son I thought you had shit locked down, look around
Manchuz took control of your stereo sound
Plus the crown for the new found kings of this rap thing
Victorious swing like Lo Han's, son no man could take what I start
I keep the best for self, to get the poor part
Plus the boot like Columbus, S.T.D. spread like fungus
Touch hundreds, thousands, more than million
Oh no we're four billions, our way of light shines through darkness
I spark this track like lye, pop dukes was a gemini
What's your sign?





See let a nigga come through with that bullshit
Anytime you pop that shit nigga
I'ma tell you you can suck a dick, you can suck a pussy
I know, it'll come to what? Say what?
Now I'ma let all you motherfuckers know
See them knows that this is something you can't fuck
Whether you from Brooklyn, whether you from Manhattan
Always
You from Queens nigga, I don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker!
Where you reside... motherfucker! How you live? How you seeeeeeee...

Sort the stack outs, this one's the blackout
Three-fifty-seven to your mouth, blaaow!!



Dunn can you hear me? Raw is how I'm inflicting this
It's that G type slang that makes this real sickening
Ignite my styles I got my hand pon the trigger
Starts from the smallest and hits the bigger nigga



Yo, straight actin live about them hellfires
A known mental killer, or thriller, assassin of terror
The hot bloody fatal mixture of carbonate water
Homicidal manslaughter, death is the order start the mission
Travel like the speed of wind
Through the valley of sin, I step to ville and murdered many man
Serving justice in my vicinity



(This is, Brooklyn, Zu!!)
Za-za-za, za-za-za
Zuh-za-zah, z-zz-zz-z-z-zz-zz-z-dah-duh-dnn-duh



I get down I get down I crack your fuckin crown
Lay around and watch some real niggas break ground
I can't shop cuz every bro blowin up the spot
Hit rocks and niggas know



Yo! Niggas grab the mic like the bites of a scorpion
Nervous, that's why the Zoo brought me in
Now bring em forth, like the tortures at the courts
Before the case begin, first break me in
His brain! And make sure he can't maintain the calmness
Ya harmless, watch how I bomb this
Stage like, mail, pre hands that be the move
Now your Posse is your fuckin Platoon
Stale cells, just flows through the air
I'm like a ninja, once I send ya down stairs
Then I get furious, imperious, the lyricist
With the cleverest rhyme
Erupt to deduct your fuckin mind



Fuck shit up on the hurry-up
Known for burying ducks through more styles than a muck
Warning you chump, brain is out for lunch
Given the power punch, soon to be paid like Donald Trump
Never fall victim to no bitch
Jerked my dick, but still got more hoes than a pimp
And score more points than Shawn Kemp
Keepin powerfully strong like the center on the Knicks
Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!!
Ol Dirty Bastard live and uncut

(Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a...)



Got more props than the President
My hardcore represent, blowin niggas back who never had this
Cause I'm gifted, so you can get wrapped
The shit I'm kickin, send it to your MOMS for Christmas
And tell her Shorty Shit Stain sent it
Soon to have more green than the Jolly Green Giant
Cuz niggas rap styles just down is aspired
You shoulda stayed HOME instead of picking up a microphone
But if you wanna run on up, like you TOUGH
I call your bluff, and blow you down with my hardcore
Stuff, I shine like twenty-four carat



Roll and stroll with the party scene
Nigga wanna know me as Mr. Clean
Wza-wza-wza-wza-Wu-Tang, flip the script and
Test my skill niggas, you're trippin
Drugged up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin
I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith
Start to flip, slip, cuz you're slippin
While you sleep I be the God on point, with Scottie Pippen
As I, jump on stage, flip rip a show
Strip and rip a hoe, wayyy like Bo
Jackson while I'm still taxin maxin
Relaxin sittin back sellin good tracks and
Again and again when I rock the jam
WANNA SEE EM UP IN THE AIR! Throw up your hand
Introducin, one-man band in town
It's wild, with the style couldn't stand nigga
When the jump, stepped, to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, MC's come at the
You get dap slapped, across the MC map
Your ass that's your ass, on a whore shot
Come on through I black and blue your whole crew
Then I get Rudy with the Hong Kong Foo
Ol Dirty Bastard, MC killer
Money maker, Brooklyn, challenger
That I lay down like towel
Then I get higher!!



Here comes the illlll, type ruffer
Style be untouched I'm leavin broken down grammars on the pen
Who who what? What brings it? Tighter than your anus
Chambers this name is for the deepest trainers
Keep it stainless, steel, on time it is the windmill
Deadly venom kills, at the last of the Sam's Mill
60 Second, nucleus, attack on your set
Hit you with the blast (yo close the door)
Shabazz!!
*gun blast*




Caller: "So whassup, man?"
DJ: "Coolin', man."
C: "Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you why right?"
DJ: "Why?"
C: "Because, you, I never ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?"
DJ: "Yeah."
C: "You know what I wanna hear, right?"
DJ: "Whatchu wanna hear?"
C: "I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint."
DJ: "Wu-Tang again?"
C: "Ah yeah, again and again."


I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh, tick tock and keep tickin'
While I get you flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red: Danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal too hot to handle
You battle, you're sayin' goodbye like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal


The way I make the crowd go wild
Sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal
Call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and
Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, akh


It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Mef
Movin' on your left, UH!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break, fool, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow the nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style will live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "Suuu"?
Nuff respect due to the 1-6-oooh
I mean ohhh, yo, check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*


Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with a "Suuuuuuu"


C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon


Yo, you best protect ya neck


First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass


For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
There's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats; if Rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is dim in the light of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes


Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, wearin' Aropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe, then attack the globe
With the buck-us style, the ruckus
Ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums
(He'll be) comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one down
Ju-Jugger-Genius, take us the fuck outta here


The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight!


You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck




See let a nigga come through with that bullshit
Any time you pop that shit nigga
I'ma tell you you can suck a dick, you can suck a pussy
I know, it'll come to what? Say what?
Now I'ma let all you motherfuckers know
See them knows that this is something you can't fuck
Whether you from Brooklyn, whether you from Manhattan
You from Queens nigga
I don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker!
Where you reside... motherfucker!
How you live? How you seeeeeeee


Sort the stack outs, this one's the blackout
Three-fifty-seven to your mouth, blaaow!!


Dunn can you hear me? Raw is how I'm inflicting this
It's that G type slang that makes this real sickening
Ignite the styles, I got my hand upon the trigger
Starts from the smallest and hits the bigger nigga


Yo, straight out the live by them hell fires
A known mental killer, born thriller, assassin of terror
A hot bloody fatal mixture of carbonate water
Homicidal manslaughter, death is the order
Start the mission, travel like the speed of wind
Through the valley of sin, I step to ville and murdered many man
Serving justice in my vicinity


(This is, Brooklyn, Zu!!)
Za-za-za, za-za-za
Zuh-za-zah, z-zz-zz-z-z-zz-zz-z-dah-duh-dnn-duh


I get down, I get down, I crack your fucking crown
Lay around and watch some real niggas break ground
I can't shop cause every bro blowing up the spot
Hit rocks and niggas know


Yo! Niggas grab the mic like the bites of a scorpion
Nervous, that's why the Zu brought me in
Now bring em forth, like the tortures at the courts
Before the case begin, first break me in
His brain! And make sure he can't maintain the calmness
Ya harmless, watch how I bomb this
Stage like mail appears to be the Moon
Now your Posse is your fucking Platoon
Stale sound just flows through the air
I'm like a ninja, once I send ya downstairs
Then I get furious, imperious, the lyricist with the clearest rhyme
Erupt to deduct your fucking mind


Fuck shit up on the hurry-up
Known for burying ducks through more styles than a monk
Warning you chump, brain is out for lunch
Given the power punch, soon to be paid like Donald Trump
Never fall victim to no bitch
Jerked my dick, but still got more hoes than a pimp
And score more points than Shawn Kemp
Keeping powerfully strong like the center on the Knicks

Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!!
Ol Dirty Bastard live and uncut

(Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a...)


Got more props than the President
My hardcore represent
Blowing niggas back who never had this
Cause I'm gifted, so you can gift wrap the shit
I'm kicking and send it to your moms for Christmas
And tell her Shorty Shit Stain sent it
Soon to have more green than the Jolly Green Giant
Cause niggas rap styles just down, it's expired
You should've stayed home
Instead of picking up a microphone
But if you wanna run on up, like you tough
I call your bluff and blow you down with my hardcore stuff
I shine like twenty-four carat, niggas know...


Roll and stroll with the party scene
Nigga wanna know me as Mr. Clean
Wza-wza-wza-wza-Wu-Tang, flip the script and
Test my skill niggas, you're tripping
Drugged up from sniffing, you're the one who's riffing
I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith
Start to flip, slip cause you're slipping
While you sleep I be the God on point, with Scottie Pippen
As I jump on stage, flip rip a show
Strip and rip a ho, wayyy like Bo
Jackson while I'm still taxing maxing
Relaxing sitting back, silly attraction
Again and again when I rock the jam
Wanna see em up in the air, throw up your hand
Introducing one-man band in town
It's wild, more the style couldn't stand nigga
When the jump stepped to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, MCs come at the
You get dap slapped, across the MC map
Your ass that's your ass on a whore shot
Come on through I black and blue your whole crew
Then I get Rudy with the Hong Kong Foo
Ol Dirty Bastard, MC killer
Money maker, Brooklyn, Shaolin style
That I lay down like tile, then I get higher


Here comes the illlll, type ruffer
Style be untouched I'm leavin broken down grammars on the pen
Who who what? What brings it? Tighter than your anus
Chambers this name is for the deepest trainers
Keep it stainless, steel, on time it is the windmill
Deadly venom kills, at the last of the Sam's Mill
60 Second, nucleus, attack on your set
Hit you with the blast (yo close the door)
Shabazz!!
*gun blast*




You want this Dirty long, you want this shit
You want it, you need it
You want this Dirty long, you want this shit
You want it, you need it......


Don't need muscle, cuz Barry got a gun
Nighttime, still blaze like sun
Book the residence, worry bout none
Chillin' with believer, drinkin' zero proof rum
Darker is better, cuz the dick's well done
Be a good girl, let you taste what I'm from
Baby, I'm the man, with the frame: well hung
Cuz a squirrel, is a squirrel til a squirrel get a nut
Get a butt, like an ashtray, point it out, I eat her
Til the 6, been callin', sayin, "nah, I don't wanna meet her"
In the ass, to some Pendergrass, after smokin' grass
Fuck her fast like a rabbit, I'm a sex fiend addict
I'm a sex fiend addict, I'm a sex fiend addict


You want this good looking muthafucka
Cuz I'm a good looking muthafucka, girl
You want this Dirty long, you want this shit
You want it, you need it..
(It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good
It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good) 2X 



If she's layin' in my sheets, she's the freek of the week
Seen it all, done it all, lick my balls with her tongue
Got my toes curled up, like I'm sayin' right on
If you wanna ride home, let me call you a cab
Cuz the next bitch coming, might be coming in the cab
Like licking, you can chill, if you ain't, you can escape
Cuz the friend's coming with her, and she can participate
After Mardi Gras, I meet 'em in titty bars
Take 'em home, and bend 'em, and fill 'em with Dirty long
Cock strong dick diesel, when I stand like an easel
Come sit on Mini Me, and put a smile on Dr. Evil
Got some sunshine, leavin' my girl behind
The kind of pussy that start up a conga line
Pussy callin', I be pickin' it up
Pussy robber, I be stickin' it up
When I leave the ringer off, I be missin' a nut
I be missin' a nut, I be missin' a nut


Yo, you get your friends, and I'mma get my friends
And we gonna smoke some shit, and we gonna do this shit
You know what I'm sayin', we gonna go wild like animals and run loose in this
Muthafucka
(It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good
It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good) 2X 
Yeah, you like it when I go deep, baby, it's that Dirty long baby
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, come all in that pussy 
Aiyo, hold on, hold on for a second 

(I wanna keep on, checkin' on you, yeah.... I got to know everything you do
Cuz you're lovely, love that you that, hey hey hey, you so doggone good)



Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!



Artist: Hoodies featuring Ol' Dirty Bastard
Album:  Raw Dog 12" (Release date TBA)
Song:   Raw Dog

Intro: Cash and Ol' Dirty Bastard

Yo, check it son, Hoodies up in it
Ol' Dirty, where you at??!!
Wu-Tang,Hoodies representin'
One time, check it out

Verse One: Cash

While I ain't got no hoe I can settle for yours
Just chillin' with the bitch and she's down my draws
You asked why she sucked my dick and she said just cause
But you know the real reason's cause I ain't got no flaws
I'm known as pretty curt to the one's who flirt
The one's who don't recognize got they eyes in the dirt
They know what they missin' ?,Yeah they wishin' they's kissin'
This bad ass Hoodie who's now on a mission
I want a nice dick sucking and a blunt in my hand
And I won't even pass the mic to my right hand man
I just keep flowin' on and on,word is bond
I go swimmin' in your pond if it's clear of all the swan

Verse Two: Ol' Dirty Bastard

Olympic tourch still flaming,Wu-Tang still aiming
For all y'all niggas to just stop complaining
The debuah was Comin' at Ya' when they first attacked ya
Then they tore it up with the Ol' Dirty Bastard
The Ason, I flip one, Yo, With the shogun
Wu-Tang all in it, Yo, I'm just about done

Verse Three: Bite Size

How you expect me to run up in you
When you don't wanna be my boo
Yo girl FUCK you
I got another bitch and I ain't trying to switch
But if I fucked you your garunteed to twitch
Every now and then cause my dick's like a gem
You feel that shit once but never again
With my boy Cash, Yo, We call him Raw Dog
This type of shit gets you hopping like a frog






Yeah!
I wanna let allllll y'all niggas know in here tonight
That this is that Wu-Tang shit
This that shit that's gonna get you high... 
See when you stimulate your own mind, for one common cause
You see, who's the real motherfuckers
See what you see, is you what you see
(You nuh see it? Wu-Tang a-run tings!)
Be the original G
Rhymin on timin and in the place to be
(Run blood claat tings!)
They love see meeeeeeee!


You're a crossbreed, I'm a knowledge seed
I want ACTION, that's what I need
I never put doubt in my mind
Cause I know when I touch the mic it's the rhyme
See murder which is caused
When you fuck with the negative and positive charge
Then they came up, out my garage
With the hit that's gonna be LARGE
Tired of sittin on my fuckin ass
Niggas I know, be runnin around with mad fuckin cash
Who the FUCK wanna be an emcee
If you can't get paid, to be a fuckin emcee?
I came out my momma pussy -- I'm on welfare
Twenty-six years old -- still on welfare!
So I gotta get paid fully
Whether it's truthfully or untruthfully
With my Boston bloodthirsty posse
P-E-A-C-E



Move em in move em in
Move em out move em out
Stick it up  raw hide!


Yea, gotta come back to attack
Killin niggas who said they got stacks, cause I don't give a fuck
 I wanna see blood, whether it's period blood
Or bustin your fuckin face, some blood!!
I'm goin out my FUCKIN mind!!
Everytime I get around devils 
Let me calm down, you niggas better start runnin
Cause I'm comin, I'm dope like fuckin heroin
Wu-Tang Bloodkin, a goblin, who come tough like lambskin
Imagine, gettin shot up with Ol Dirty insulin 
You bound to catch AIDS or somethin
Not sayin I got it, but nigga if I got it you got it!!
WHAT?!? 


Yo, check the bulletproof fly shit, strong like thai stick
Then I'll remain to tear your frame, while I freaks it
Like some fly new sneaks and shit
Now EAT my shit, bitch tried to creep and got hit
Now regulate, and I'll be out to set up a date
Wu-Tang, is bangin like a Ron G tape
RZA pump the shit just like a shotty
Watch me run it John Gotti
Collidin on the track, like gin and watty
Check the calender, I warn any challenger
To step up  feel the blast from the silencer




Comin soon to a theatre near you it be the Wu
Yeah find yourself in the square and see it's true
Actual facts to snack on and chew
My positive energy sounds peace to you
A wise man killed one horse and made glue
Wicked women puttin period blood in stew
Don't that make the stew witches brew?
I fear for the eighty-five that don't got a clue
How could he know what the fuck he never knew?
God-Cypher-Divine come to show and come to prove
A mystery god that's the work of Yacub
The Holy Ghost got you scared to death kid boo!!


Yeah, we always gotta keep it fly
Fly for you to feel, what you wants to feel
See Wu-Tang'd like to thank, all the people across the country
All the people in America, all the people outside of America
For listenin to our music
We gotta keep it fly for ya
See this ain't somethin new
That's just gonna come out of nowhere, no!!!
This is somethin OLD, and DIRTY!!
And DIRTY!!
Yeah..



You're a crossbreed, I'm a knowledge seed
I want action, that's what I need
I never put doubt in my mind
Cause I know when I touch the mic there's the rhyme
See murder which is caused
When you fuck with the negative and positive charge
Then they came up, out my garage
With the hit that's gonna be large
Tired of sittin on my fuckin ass
Niggas I know, be runnin around with mad fuckin cash
Who the fuck wanna be an emcee
If you can't get paid, to be a fuckin emcee?
I came out my momma pussy I'm on welfare
Twenty-six years old still on welfare!
So I gotta get paid fully
Whether it's truthfully or untruthfully
With my boston bloodthirsty process
P-e-a-c-e
Move em in move em in
Move em out move em out
Stick it up raw hide!
Yea, gotta come back to attack
Killin' niggas who said they got stacks, cause I don't give a fuck
I wanna see blood, whether it's period blood
Or bustin' your fuckin' face, some blood!!
I'm goin' out my fuckin' mind!
Every time I get around devils
Let me calm down, you niggas better start runnin'
Cause I'm comin', I'm dope like fuckin heroin
Wu-tang bloodkin', a goblin, who come tough like lambskin
Imagine, gettin 'shot up with ol dirty insulin
You bound to catch aids or somethin'
Not sayin' I got it, but nigga if I got it you got it!
What
Yo, check the bulletproof fly shit, strong like thai stick
Then I'll remain to tear your frame, while I freaks it
Like some fly new sneaks and shit
Now eat my shit, bitch tried to creep and got hit
Now regulate, and I'll be out to set up a date
Wu-tang, is bangin' like a ron g tape
Rza pump the shit just like a shotty
Watch me run it john gotti
Collidin' on the track, like gin and watty
Check the calender, I warn any challenger
To step up feel the blast from the silencer
Move em in move em in
Move em out move em out
Stick it up raw hide!
Comin' soon to a theatre near you it be the wu
Yeah find yourself in the square and see it's true
Actual facts to snack on and chew
My positive energy sounds peace to you
A wise man killed one horse and made glue
Wicked women puttin' period blood in stew
Don't that make the stew witches brew?
I fear for the eighty-five that don't got a clue
How could he know what the fuck he never knew?
God-cypher-divine come to show and come to prove
A mystery god that's the work of yacub
The holy ghost got you scared to death kid boo




Yo, yo, this is Chris Rock
You heard my man
He ain't on no commercial shit
The O.D.B
It ain't the Young D.B
It's the Ol' D.B
That old shit
This ain't the Embry O.D.B
This is the Ol' mothafuckin D.B
I'm Chris Rock, I'm chillin with the O.D.B
So I'm the wrong place, at the wrong mothafuckin time
With the wrong mothafuckin man
The O.D.B., baby


All y'all niggas talkin bout commercial song
This ain't no commercial song
Straight up, nigga, what?


Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
All y'all niggas lovin me
(Mister courageous O.D.B
You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P
You need to recognize)


Yo, what's my name? (You need to recognize)
Shut the fuck up! (You need to recognize)
I bring the mothafuckin ruckus
(You need to recognize) C'mon punk ass niggas
Uh, nah, nah, I'm just fuckin wit'chall, uh-huh)


Who get drunk at night till the early morn'?
Tap dances at the party like it's goin on
Bitches and niggas all around scopin eachother down
I'm takin pictures at y'all at the fuckin lounge
Mad niggas was, gettin drunk at the bar
I'm throwin Moet bottles, HA HA HA HA HA HA
It's rowdy outside, I ain't signin shit
Don't flow bitch, I take your microphone
You party bitches fallin in line
With your fat ass stinkin behind
You don't know who the fuck is here
I back smack your ass, make pressure appear
Cause cold Lucky knockin at your door
I dedicate that to your source
Cause this (Nigga please) is dirty and it's stinkin
Funkier than (Peppi Le Pew, so I was thinkin)
I drop you mothafuckin niggas on the (weekend)
(Lettin you know that) bitch nigga don't start
You thought that I was weak? Huh, let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's feet
So listen mister, don't you ever forget
Rhyme dirty, you couldn't even clean it with Comet
Or even Worex, some tried Ajax
Only mix wit, the back get this track


Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
All y'all niggas lovin me
Mister courageous O.D.B
You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P
You need to recognize, you need to recognize
You need to recognize, niggas need to recognize
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh


Sweet girl, sweet girl
Each and every day-a, each and every way-a
See you niggas, most of your strayers
Stray off from a thing, civilization-a
Don't understand the true nation-a
It go back like coal ovens and ice boxes
(Murder Avenue L trains, Broadway blackouts
Brooklyn Zu keep history, fam shake the trends
Five years of workin bodies
Voice box hits the shotty
I move in parties, stickin hotties
And all you fake mob Gotti's, I push your skirt up
My shit's so bad I wipe my ass with a burner)
Picking up the pieces!!


Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
All y'all niggas lovin me
(Mister courageous O.D.B
You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P
You need to recognize, you need to recognize
You niggas need to recognize, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
All y'all niggas lovin me
(Mister courageous O.D.B
You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P
You need to recognize, you need to recognize
Bitches and niggas'll recognize
Look, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)



Tracklist:
1. Intro
2. Shimmy Shimmy Ya
3. Baby C'mon
4. Brooklyn Zoo
5. Hippa to Da Hoppa
6. Raw Hide
7. Damage
8. Don't U Know
9. The Stomp
10. Goin' Down
11. Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie)
12. Snakes
13. Brooklyn Zoo II
14. Protect Ya Neck II the Zoo
15. Cuttin' Headz
16. Dirty Dancin
17. Harlem World
Album Art:





What what what what what what
You know when the time it is motherfucker


Reunited cause it feels so good
Reunited cause we're understood
There's one perfect thing
And children this one is it
We both we're so excited cause
We're reunited, hey! hey!


I'm known on the microphone as the rap professor
Cas-ual dresser, you may dress fresher
The way that I speak this shit is energetic
My physique of meat is quite athletic
Remove all MC's who disapprove
That my funky rhyme article always have the groove
You're jealous over me nigga, you're not a competitor
You're just a donor, I'm the rap editor
Tryin' to rock the mic when you get an appetite
All negative on the mic, I dislike
Try to rock the mic but only will reduce
Try to get loose, you juice as a youth
Not knowin' to yourself that you shall be frozen
I'm the MC warrior, who has been chosen
To rock and shock beats, polite when I recite
Sulfur MC's, you are down right, out right
Tryna be talkative, there's no alternative
Hide until I forgive, this motive
I am unique with the perfected physique
The objective of my rhyme is my own technique


Reunited cause it feels so good
Reunited cause we're understood
There's one perfect thing
And children this one is it
We both we're so excited cause
We're reunited, hey! hey!


I maintain the paradise on this Earth
With the shut the fuck up style for what this shit is worth
Watch a nigga catch a purse
Super-hero niggas die
Do my dirt, get away and multiply
You bitches, ya nice guys
Always want bitch, because ya need my bit
I pleased on how I get up on the stage and fuck up the show
Cause nobody can't fuck with me!
Earl!!, from ages, a 100 and down, sacrifice ya baby to the underground
The best kept secret, how does it feel to be
Boxin' in like a skeleton, growin' back ya skin? oaaaaaaaw!
I can't help it if my style is foggy, monster boogie
Get ya high on my patio, all come to see me movie
Bicthes, you're walkin' on my dirt
We ain't sayin nuthin'
I'm in ya ear, make ya blink cold Pert


Reunited cause it feels so good
Reunited cause we're understood
There's one perfect thing
And children this one is it
We both we're so excited cause
We're reunited, hey! hey!


Yo, I wanna tay give a big shout out to the Wu-Tang Clan
We holdin' it down. YouknowI'msayin?
And I also wanna show mad love to Puffy cause you holdin' it down
Master P, you holdin' it down
KnowI'msayin? Dr.Dre, you holdin' it down
Give Snoop my love, E-40
MC Eiht, West Coast, word is bond
This is family, I don't give a fuck!
Straight up. It's Dirt Dog, nigga!
Y'all niggas know how the fuck I get down!
KnowI'msayin? I'm here to represent this shit!
KnowImean? I love y'all niggas!
Motherfucker, my stomach hurts!
Bitch, I got to go!
Reunited cause it feels so good
Reunited cause we're understood
There's one perfect thing
And children this one is it
We both we're so excited cause
We're reunited, hey! hey!




It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu


Reunited, double LP, world excited
Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited
From metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth
Wicked niggas come, try to burglarize the turf
Scatting off soft-ass beats them niggas rap happily
Tragically, that style deteriorate rapidly
Uncompleted missions, throwing your best known compositions
You couldn't add it up if you mastered addition
Where I come from, getting visuals is habitual
You're more safe walking on hot coals in rituals
I splash the paint on the wall, formed a mural
He took a look, saw the manifestation of it was plural
Rhyming while impaired, dart hit your garment
Pierced your internal streamlined compartments
Just consider the unparalleled advantage
Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage


Bitchass niggas counterfeit the funk
I smoke the bead of the skunk, tree top of the trunk
Moonshine drunken monk, your head get shrunk
Your treasure sunk, I be fucking bitches by the chunk
My name black, you worms wanna play in my dirt
Bitch stop, my Momma serve free lunch from the church
I cum like a thousand doves
Bitch you quiet at the bus, making no fuss, I gots tough love
Unglove the noose, watch a nigga transfuse
Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze
I don't walk, I get carried
Gold and platinum Frisbees on my wall, looking properly
But comely, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers
The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
My grandfather, stepped up and get knocked right the fuck out
Come to the cook-out, dirty bitch at the mouth
You scared, run around like a plane about to crash


Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Yeah and RZA


The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula
Bigger dick sex enigma, pistil fertilize your stigma
Stinkbox order from Pink Dot
MCs get stuck on ink blots, AirSound plug to the sinkbox
Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewarp
Talk strange like Bjrk, great hero Jim Thorpe
How can I put it, life is like video footage
Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it
Too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage
Attack when you least notice through explosive postage
I don't play, the rap souffle saut for the day
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A Leg Leg Arm Head
Spread like plague, we drink Hennessy by the keg
I got the golden egg plus the goose
Eighty proof Absolut mixed with cranberry fruit juice
Ginseng boost, I got your neck in a noose
Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct
Sixteen bar nickel sell more copies than Kinko
Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us
And we return like Jesus when the whole world need us


Is it appetite for destruction?
Slap a murder rap on this production
I touch something, trust nothing
Iron Lung/Twisted Metal
I see 'em ducking my dart gun, busting from every angle
Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow
That be codenamed Agent Orange, killing you slow
It's only right you pay homage
To those that's 'bout to blow like that shit up your nose
Solid as a rock when I strike target
Verbal be screaming on you like a drill sergeant
Herbals got me where I wanna be right now
Don't know the time
Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine
Drunk off of cheap wine
Each line be on point when I speak mine
On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu
36 more deadly Chambers to take you through


It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers

 Oh yeahhhh, ahhh, aiyy yeahh yeahhhahh aiii
 And RZA...





You can't imitate me on this fuckin tape
You ain't ringing the bell I'm ready when you are

You ain't ringing the bell
[You ain't busting the grape
You ain't imitating me on this fuckin tape] (x10)

I'm tellin you bitch ass niggas
If y'all don't fuckin
If y'all coloured bitch ass faggot punk ass motherfuckers
Don't see that these white people are trying to take over your shit
Don't worry, you betta be happy the Ol' Dirty Bastard is here
Your betta be happy I'm here
To beat the shit out of all you faggot punk ass motherfuckers
Bitch ass niggas!

I shut the fuckin' whole world down
You white motherfuckers could never, ever take over
You can't ever take over!(x2)
You shut the fuck up and you shut the fuck up
That's what the fuck you do!
(Could I get a beer, yo I need some beer)

You ain't using your phone, you ain't callin the cops
Cause nigga I'm the only king of the block
I'm the only black god, motherfucker!
And I came to rock the spot
When I throw at football pass at a bitch she miss
Ain't trying to be funny gonna use my fist
You can't use the family feud
You can't run it on a cuckoooo!!!!
You bring shame, I'll keep Ol' Dirty safe
Not locked up, cause I'll have your fuckin ass locked up!
I'll stash you, lickin you down, light that blunt!
You ain't gettin one,two I do what I want!
If I got a problem, a problems got a problem til it's gone
I'm the only Unique Ason
You reap what you sew
Fuckin with the O
I got the precinct locked down
You ain't using the po-po
Fuck you Soso
I got the keys to your ho
I'll stop your whole flow, all you bitches roll
With me from the ghetto
You want me to control
This fuckin' show
Give Ol' Dirty what he want and mo!
Time stops you'll go
Mafia slow!
Time'll stop you'll go
Mafia! Pay me all my motherfucking money
Or I'mma slow down your dough!

(Chorus)
Jesus I'm rollin with you(x4)

You'll all be in danger
You'll have a sex changer
I'm gettin more anger call me Dr. Stranger
I master the demon demonic toys
Sting you with the venom kill your joy!
Bitches throw hands in the air like to be sodomized
That's what I'm here for!
That's what I'm all about!
I get girls in the mood to wanna get physically fucked from me
Oh BABY!!
Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa
I control Michael Jackson's Thriller
Catch him and ruuhhahaha
Fuck with the guys that'll make you shrug
I'm the only original
Fuck you chump!
Shut the fuck up!

Yo did you understand that?

Chorus




Visual, visual, JB
Yo, Ye, what up? Raekwon


You got stacks like the International House of Pancakes
All alone, ready to phone me and your hand shakes
Palms is wet, a don's regret
Never to walk miles for love, I sit in the starter's deck
It just happened I was floating, you seen the captain?
Blinked at me then I threw him my thinking cap
Take her, then we could slide to Jamaica
Shop for like a year or two, stop in Diego
It's obvious, I want to see who your mami is
We just friends so she can't Clyde, Bonnie this
Fly walls, dining in fly halls
Come to the master suite, leave every piece in the master hall
All my money tied in knots
Stand over there, that's why I make it happen on blocks
Brazil cut sweater, patent leather
Playing the field, trying to outslick Baretta


You see, my baby up and hit the road
Where she's going? That's what nobody knows
I need to find her before another man does
I wouldn't want him to steal my love


I'm just tryna be cool, cool, cool, tryna be cool, what you expect me to do?
I'm just tryna find, find, find this sweet love of mine


I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
Searching low and high, know that I'm not letting up
I'd give it all up for us, but it'll never be enough
I won't stop until I find my runaway love


Last name West and my teeth diamonds
She said "Yo what's your occupation, crazy rhyming?"
Listen to Wu-Tang, trying suits on
Accoutrements is Grey Poupon
Stunting in a high top Louis', shorts is the Coogis
Open up the door when you take her to the movies
When you meet the parents, you tell De Niro
Her boyfriend a zero, she need to cut the weirdo
Next show they gotta up the zeros
Nobody rocking like this 16 years old
The hard drums and the Wally's something that caught me
I'm telling you what Wu-Tang taught me
The young youth, rocking the gold tooth
Pull up in a drop top, old school bumping to Cash Rules
No question we the reason why the summer's blazing
Then say, "You looking good fly coloured Asian"
Raw I give it to you, no trivia
She used to roll with my G-Unit like Olivia
Until she caught me getting numbers and hugs
I guess that's the day she became a runaway love, sweet love of mine




Why can't I find you, love of mine?
When you're standing in front of my face
Oh why, I must be blind
How did I let you get away?


Leave it up to the most high, sitting in a ghost fly
Chilling with two of my brothers
We both live on deck grabbing 'em on set
This is how we roll in the business, she a go I'mma go get
Take that queen or shorty up
We can live it up every month baby girl, just call me up
Waking up resting in cold sweats
Thinking of this bitch, the videotapes, even the stress
My mind is a terrible thing to waste
No love lost, I know I'm going crazy, I can't floss
Me, my lady left my homies it's all baloney
Just like rocking the old Pony's
So when I'm chilling, I'm just lost no more feeling
I need my honey in my life get that feel me
Take your time, readjust and ya you shine
My runaway love didn't mind, come on





Artist: Omar f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard
Album: Say Nothin' (CD Single)
Song: Say Nothin' (Remix)


Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo
No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby
No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (Baby baby ba ba baby)
No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby
Yes I ain't sayin' nothin' baby
(Yay yay, moo moo..)


What's with you I want to know
Your inner self is starting to show
Speak your mind in the best way
Don't want to waste your time another day
No matter how hard I fall, nothing ever seems to change
Whenever I hear you call, I come running just the same


If you say nothin' (Say nothin')
Want nothin' (Want nothin') want nothin' from me
Please Don't waste my time
I said somethin' (Said somethin')
Wanted somethin' (wanted Somethin') for you
Now your wasting my time
If you know cause I wanted 
Don't put me down cause I want it
Don't put me down cause I need it


I don't know just what to say
I know my mouths is gonna run away
Can't you please excuse my mood
I ain't gonna go out my way to being rude no, no, no
Eveyday is a day that is wasted trying to make a change yeah
That just like seas trying to change the places with time and space
(Sing this)


You say nothing (Say nothin')
Want nothin' (Want Nothin') Want nothin' from me
Please don't waste my time (Don't waste my time)
I said somethin' (I said somethin')
Wanted somethin' (I wanted somethin')
I think It's for you to respect me
[--Ol' Dirty Bastard
(Don't waste my time no)



Yo yo Omar
Check it, CIA told me not to say nothin'
About Biggie and 2Pac, life's a little somethin'
Whenever there's no witnesses
You know the government had to do with this
Eighty six churches got burnt, no witnesses
Guess I'm next on the hitlist
They tried to kill me three times
Same Osirus from the type of God, brought forth the people refined
I'mma start hittin' the schools
Teachin' my children about the devil without the God within
You thought they was dead BIG and Pac lived in me
I know all you sick human families
I mastered all you human lessons kid
Takin' my photograph tryin' to manipulate my negative
The raws and R's will do far, Omar
I'm not sayin' nothin', the black kid is God


You say nothin' (Say nothin')
Want nothin' (Want nothin') Want nothin' from me
Please don't waste my time
I said somethin' (I Said Somethin')
I wanted somethin' (I Wanted somethin') for you
Please don't waste my time (Don't waste my time)
You say nothin' (Say nothin')
Want nothin' (Want nothin') from me
Please don't waste my time (Don't waste my time)
I said somethin' (I said somethin') Did somethin'
Wanted somethin' (Wanted somethin') for you
I wanted somethin' for you
Please don't waste my time (Don't waste my time)
I'm sayin' nothin', wanted nothin' from me
Please don't waste my time



In progress...



Dirty?
Phil Collins
Ol' Dirty
Yeah, Su-su-ssudio
Sudioo

This recording is dirty and a-stinkin'
Pukier than Pepe' le Peu
So I was thinkin
About, droppin' this single on the charts
Letting you know
"Hey! The kid has heart"
I never deny myself as being dope
But in my last jam, niggas slept on my notes
You thought that I was weak
Uhh, let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than your gram'phone would speak
So listen, mister, don't you ever forget
The rhyme are dirty, you couldn't clean it with Comet
Or even Morax, some try Ajax
Only mix with the best, 48 tracks
Yo, I get down with the eight song sound
Lyrics that be flowing from miiiiiles around
So let the music shut ya ass up
And feel the uppercut that'd make you fall to your butt, w-what!



If he calls me, I'll be there
I'll come running, anywhere
He's all I need, all my life
Feels so good if I just say the word
Su-Su-ssudio
Just say the word, oooh
Su-Su-ssudio
Uh ohh

Let me continue, verse number two
Style is wild, Dirty stinkin' like doo-doo
If your hangin' around, you change your mind
If it's a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme (my rhyme)
I sit down and I say to myself
Sell, yo, or you on the top, shelf
I drop this single for you, to get a dose of
As I lay back, like a pillow on a sofa
Gettin paid? Yeah, right, fully
My ass can be G one one one
You know me
My rhyme is sugar
Sweet as a honey bee
Tastes like a ??
Stinkin' like OE, yeah
Well I drink Old English
So I speak Old English
If not, I'






Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck I'll fuck your ass up!


(Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now?
Don't fuck the style, ruthless wild
Do you wanna get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then shout!


Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture
Got niggas resignin', now master
My style? Never!
I put the fuckin' buck in the wild kid, I'm terror
Razor sharp, I sever
The head from the shoulders, I'm better than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together


Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the tri-BLOW!


I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet
And I bet you're not a fuckin' vet
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal


Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!


Yo! I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play-ay!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe, what!



[Mashup of:
Brooklyn Zoo by Ol' Dirty Bastard
From Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version
And
Blueprint by Fugazi
From Repeater + 3 songs]


Aint nonone of them niggas cant fuck with me
What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga
Ill fuck you up right now! What?! What?! What?!
Bust your motherfucking ass boy!
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to?
Ol' Dirty Bastard, you know what Im sayin'?
I fuck you up right now
Yeah! What?! What?! What?!


I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out
I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like girls be dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches
What? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit: CH-CH-BLAOW!
Not seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: niggas be quiet as death
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger
I said "Get the fuck outta here!"


I'm not playing
I'm not playing
I'm not playing with you, yeah!


Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo fuck that nigga's name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga get up, act like a pig trying to hog shit
So I take yo ass out quick
The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death


I'm not playing
I'm not playing
I'm not playing with you, yeah!


You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another motherfucking hardrock

Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!






Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it raww


Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage ah then I dip down
(I like the way you talk)


Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it raww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it raww





Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam, I was like bam!
Jump on stage ah then I dip down

Shi-shimmy shimmy ya, yeah
Shi-shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam
Shi-shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Shi-shi shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Shi-shimmy shi-shimmy ya shimmy yam, shimmy yay

Give me the mic so I can take it away, shimmy shimmy ya



See, when a nigga say he likes it raw
Keepin' it dirty, down to the floor
See my name is the Ol'DB and I'll beat your ass
For the ladies who know me tell them who the fuck I be
For the niggas who know me tell them who the fuck I be
My style comes down on ya'll like rocks
(Sitin' on the dock of the bay) By the dock!
(Aiyaiyaiyaiyaiyaiyaiy...) Umm by the flock
(Don't goooooo) By the creak by the flock
Got east coast locked down padlocked
My Zoo be all all down by the flock


Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it raww


Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage ah then I dip down
(I like the way you talk)

Yo ya'll know the lyrics come on sing with me







Ooh, baby, I like it rawww...
Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!
Ooh, baby, I like it raww...
Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!
Sh...

Verse:
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon voyage
Yeah, from the home of the Dodgers, Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang Killerrr Bees on a swarm!
Rain on ya college ass, disco dorm!
When you didn't even touch my skill
You gotta have the one Killer Bee and he ain't gonna kill. Now
Chop that down, pass it all around!
Lyrics get hard, quick cement to the ground!
For any MC in any 52 states
I gets psycho killerrrr Norman Bates!
My producer slam, my flow is like bam!
Jump on stage, and then I dun-daaaah!



Ooh, baby, I like it rawww...
Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!
Ooh, baby, I like it raww...
Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!!

Reverse Verse:
First Verse repeats

The odb won't neva quit
My name is odb nigg* and i'll beat your sh*t



Intro:

Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww

Verse One:

Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy ya
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge bom-voyage
Yeah from the home of the doge brooklyn scwad
Wu-Tang killer bee's on a swarm
Rain on your collage ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that downpass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any em-cee in any fifty two states
I get psycho, killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bamm
Jump on stage ah then I dip doown

(I like the way you talk)

Chorus: repeat 2X

Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww



Verse Two: (additional extended verse)

See, when a nigga say he likes it raw
He means dirty, down to the floor
See my name is the Ol'DB and I'll beat your ass

For the ladies who know me tell them who the fuck I be
For the niggas who know me tell them who the fuck I be
My style comes down on ya'll like rocks
By the doc
Umm by the flock
By the creak by the flock
Got east coast locked down padlocked
My sulu be all all down by the flock

Chorus: repeat 2X
Verse One: repeat

Yo ya'll know the lyrics come on sing with me

Chorus: repeat 2X



* - clean version is the only version that exists

Intro:

Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww (with your MC at the epicenter)
Oooh baby I like it raw (sup boo?  sup?  sup baby?)
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw (it's E-40 man)
Yeah baby I like it rawww (sup baby?)
Oooh baby I like it raw (I see y'all, I see you whassup y'all)
Yeah baby I like it raww (sup??  SUP???)

Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yeah shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger, Brooklyn squad
WU-TANG!  Killa beez on the swarm
Reign on your college-aXX disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta go the one killa bee and he ain't for the kill

Verse One: MC Eiht

I'm givin you that funky funky aXX-sXXX
(That sXXX) that you gotsa ta fXXX wit
So stand back cause I don't hope my funk
Threw a bunk on your silly billy aXX and you too soft
I'm givin that brain a little tickle
I'm thicker than a buXX-lickin indo popsicle (popsicle)
Fool you know I'm too cold
I leave that ass hangin, hangin like a bXXXX on hold
Can suck my DING, you bring like static
I shoots like a fXXXXn automatic (automatic)
Classy ------- I'm in em
I'm deadly like a m---------n snake's, venom
So it's on bad cuz these zaggin come around your block
And we strapped with the Mac
And you get served like a clucker
E four oh and the Eiht, down with that dirty moXXXXXXer
Geyeah

Interlude: 

The nigga that discovered electricity
Yo gimee some of that Hurricane SO!

Verse Two: E-40, Ol Dirty

Cookin y'all on the burner inside a Rolex
Clocked, to a fat ass nXXXa clad in black, honk!
Might act my color but now E four oh ain't no dummy though
Might not know how to read and write but I do know how to count money hoe
NXXXa this game ain't wrinkled, hoe I don't need no starsight
To serious aXX nXXXa twenty-first of March
Time's up in this b---h right, East West whoride
BXXXXes don't understand my isht that we be servin

Uhhhh, I'm from the Bed-Stuy, now do or die
I got somethin for your a-- now I'm passin lye
See E-40 Click roll thick like a hoe drippin ----
The A-von, tish

Chorus:

Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Oooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww

Verse Three: Ol Dirty Bastard

Most MC's get all too hyped
From the tent we'll rhyme and take you out with a tank
It's not MC just an MC bee
Weak on your words you never thought of by freein
Positive thoughts that I let come out
Ask the God A-SON I know what it's about
On the mic I'm a leader, school I was a reader
When it come to f----n I'm a strong good breeder
MC max and we worn out wax
Collect the cash money, without ever being taxed
And then I, got your attention
I'd like to mention, DON'T BATTLE ME at any rap convention

Yo I'd like to give a shout out
To all you live zaggin out there
And also like to give a shout out
To all you punk ------ out there
I wanna give a shout out
To all the true black women, because I love you
And I also wanna give a shout out
To them fake a-- b----s out there
YaknowhatI'msayin?






I'm the Eddie Kane of the Wu-Tang
Osiris with the fire extinguisher slang
Maintain this paradise on this earth
With the shut-the-fuck-up style for what the shit is worth
Watch a nigga catch a purse, superhero niggas die
Do my dirt, get away and multiply


I'm yo' entrepeneur, wisdom sharpshooter, dark colour
The black sire, smack fire out of Goliath
My heart desire: speak truth till I inspire
The clever writer, live wire, never retire
The child teacher, loud speaker, earth seeker
The wind blower, to the seas, I'm like Noah

 (x2)
You're a shining star, no matter who you are
Shining bright to see what you can truly be


Uh, ayo, this masterpiece be exclusive and fascinating
Street knowledge education
Teach the seeds, son, no procrascinatin'
Ghetto learnin', graduatin'
Blessed be the ones with patience from the ancient
God bless the child that could hold his own
Little shorties, don't trust a soul, it's all globe control
Earth, Wind & Fire, Sunz of Man and Wyclef
We connect like "you now next to bring the intellect"
We teach both sex, Brooklyn to Tibet
Male or female: who follow footsteps incorrect?


I'm a shining star, beam of light from out far
Hits like these would burn holes through our reservoir
Espionage, let it be known who take charge
Come hard when we underground like camouflage
Keep it bizarre, mainstream for the young teens
Though, if it don't, be for Clarence the Thirteenth

 (x2)


Escapin' the ghetto using the bass, tempo and treble
In the streets, we carry heavy metal, roll with the Devil
Yo, son, life is reality, reality is life
People livin' trif', the world filled with strife
The gods livin' right in this act, too many lack
Black on black crime, no vest, another victim laid to rest


It's been a long time to be certain
Sunz of Man Mahdees of wall searchin'
The heat is perkin', Earth, Wind & Fire burnin'
Sensation, yearnin' and learnin' situation
Wyclef: platinum hits, beast nation
It's what your life could truly be, anticipation

 (x2)


When I was young, I taught how to produce
The science of babies gettin' loose
I turn white boys to Springsteens, Bruce
Black to school, to the Chinese I gave brews
I can't help it if my style is foggy, worst to boogie
Get ya high on my patio or come to see me movie
Girls, they walking on my dirt, I'm all in ya ear
I'll make your life plain, call Herc, love potion


To all my shining stars from here, to L.A., to Mars
Growin' up in the ghetto where times is hard
No matter where ya are, you a child of God
Born as a king, not a slave for jobs
It's much more to life then to drink in bars
Large bank accounts and these fancy cars
Little King Tuts, they schemin' when they lust
They get handcuffed for diamond ring cuts

 (x2)




Bust a move, we show and prove


Ha ha, hey hey, laugh now nigga
My man's right behind you, Kane pull the trigger
I don't play, I'm from the hill where shit is real
And I'll be on your ass like bugs on a windshield
So bring your grip or you can think twice
Cause I got more rhymes than a five pound bag of rice
I'm hitting hard, oh word, I'm gon' rock it
Once the shit drops, that's dough to the pocket
I cut hair and you still can't get no part
You couldn't deal with Scoob if we was playing cards
But if I got beef then it's time for code red
My gun is like a ho, it be taking mad niggas to bed
So hurry up and skedaddle
Even if you join the army, you still couldn't battle
So where you from? England, you somebody great?
You burning Scoob, "I don't think so mate"
I got the style that get you open like a bag of smoke
I'll have your friends saying "Ah man, that shit is dope"
Leave me alone when I'm rocking on the microphone
And play like E.T. and phone your black ass home
Yo Sauce, if you're down with the groove
Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove


Hey, here I come with a slick rap, tic tac toe
When I flip tracks, so gimme my dick, back
I flow to it and through it, if you ever need to wonder
How you got dope like Sauce, money you didn't do it
I write my own with bigger hope, drink of Scope
Wrote what I figured, nope, damn you dig a nigga doe
Rhymes too drastic, bastard, pull hookers like elastic
NBA style, fantastic
No time to bite, but I just might, tonight
I write left-handed cause I like to grab my dick with my right
Who could ever say that I don't get plenty play
Win lose or draw, I'm booking whores, anyway
As I get ready I'm steady if I go crazy I'd take Eddie
If I was Fred, I think I'd have to bone Betty
Sucking and lucking, hey, niggas I'm ducking, nay
Nada no never meaning ain't no motherfuckin way
Rappers get gassed come on and get fast
Try to get past when I blast, and you can hand over your ass
One line and that's fear
Rappers get so damn pussy they gotta go for a pap smear
So Shyheim, if you're down with the groove
Get on the mic it's time to show and prove


I spark the mic like weed that's in a cipher
And I get girls open like a reggae song by Tiger
So check me out, as I flip this here track kid
And make mad noise like a Metallica record
I'm psycho, a villain to the styles I be killing
When I'm thrusted, and all competition gets dusted
Cause I rock the world from U.S.A. to Asia to Russia
If your shit stinks I'mma flush ya, then bust ya
Like a crazy man from Cali son
My jams be packed like a Farrakhan rally, what?
You know my style, I put the F in effin foul
The Rugged Child lock shit down like Rikers Isle
And got more girls than a trailer load with Shabba
More Super than Cat, I'm the punani Don Dada
So Big Daddy, if you're down with the groove my man
Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove


Now tell me who is the man?
With the high-potent lyrics no rapper can ever stand
And stepping to me, thinking I can be touched?
Not even Michael Jordan'll gamble that much, yo
I get down on it and give it to rappers that even act like they want it
I come for your title kid, run it!
Or else get hit with the ultimate, too legit skit
Ahh yeah, that's that shit
Drop lyrics on ya, strong as ammonia
That'll dethrone ya, scorn ya, joan ya, I tried to warn ya
You was wack since I known ya, fake as a cubic zirconia
What I just shown ya, real lyrics doggone ya
Look inside my rap book at every text my man
And see that I got, more essays than the Mexican
The Messiah that's feared great, leaving rappers in a weird state
Scared straight, for their prepared fate
Strong as an elephant, intelligent, compelling and elegant
So well in it with every single element
And competition gets none
If I was wearing pantyhose you still couldn't give me no run
I see the way you're trying to get to me
But with that speech impedi-ment, man you gotta come better G
You're hitting all the wrong switches troop begin again
Mumble mouth rappers couldn't last a minute with
The non-resistable, non-competible
No No No I'm not saying I'm the best
I'm just saying I'm fucking incredible
And let's just make one more thing understood
That if I fart on a record, trust me nigga it'll sound good
So Jay-Z, if you're down with the groove, my mellow
Get on the mic it's time to show and prove


One checking it two, checking it three
Check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, check out the Z
Aight G!
I'm breaking MC's up like EPMD
And these nuts if you rappers trying to see me
I'm buckwild with styles, ta-dow
I've been in it running a hundred miles I'm well endowed, baby gal
Uhh, the greatest nigga to touch it, you niggas can't fuck with
The, incredible skills of the G from Brooklyn, big up kid
And ain't no eating me up, you fast fuckin with jigga
I'm like Prince jeans, I bring the ass out a nigga
When I rock it it's in the pocket, baby mop it don't knock it
Till you try it, once you start, you can't stop it
I'm the cocky breed, I'm dope like poppy seed
I live one rent from besides that be
Between get off my dick and stop jockin me
When I bust a rhyme you're diggin the sound
I know you loving the way it's, goin down baby
So Ason huh, if you're down with the groove, why don't ya
Get on the mic and show and prove


Come on
Wu-Tang killa bees on a swarm
Rain on your college ass, disco dorm
Slippery when wet and don't you ever forget
You couldn't get a flick, of the hype outfit
Because the way that I dress this style mad wild
Enough to make a crowd of women scream "Ow!"
Whether at a party or just in bed
All thoughts on Ason, keep that in your head
Yuh, my beats are funky and my rhymes are spunky
Sometimes I'll be like "Well god damn what's the recipe?"
I don't know, I ask my momma she don't know
She says "Go ask your goddamn father!"
It's all about me in the place to be
Niggas think they all that, yo, that shit is G
Mad game and it's a motherfucking shame
How many enemies wanna claim the name
Of Ason, who carries on like a manager
Yo! Sounds fly, right?
Danger!!!




When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar
When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar


When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar
Own family will kill ya, damn it be a skrilla
Box of bullets in flavors, like Mike & Ike
Friday night, I'm in the bed, with a bitch and a dyke
Ol' Dirty, 7:30, got the thirty-thirty
Caught a mouscope, ain't aimin' at no birdie
My name plate, travel through the interstate
Glock in the stash box, my drop top ventilate
Permanent A.C., use to boost at Macy's
Smoke out Mr. Spacely, and still Dick Tracy
I blind dunk a base, make ya chest inflate
I'm at the herb gate, watch my money bake
Disrespect me, where I lay my head, my hammer spray
My cybertech nylon suit, reflect gamma ray
When I speak, ears open to the size of cymbal
Make you tremble, watch what the fuck my gun do




A moment to pray, a second to die
Take your hard ride with the bulletproof high
Nigga, check ya logic, Ol' Dirty's out the closet
I return you niggas for a five percent deposit
Beer belly, I chuckle like Kris Kringle
Put four grams of cocaine, crushed up in the single
Everyday is Saturday, everyday my gats play
When shit get bad, I'm looking for a badder way
Ol' Dirt McGirt, in concert the bomb burst
To set it off, shoot him in the arm, first
Let him off? Nah, kidnap his mom, first
Told you, when things get worst, nigga, things get worst
Cats be saddling, when the gats splattering
Ol' Dirt, caught one through the lower abdomen
Straight through the back, like the javelin
Word, son, it had to been, still here, battling





Now number two, practiced the snake style
He was known as the snake spirit
He had the speed of a snake


Niggas is like serpents out there

Serpents will bite
Lay outside, and then they roll back into they holes
They slither, in the streets of Brooklyn, New York
Slither in the streets, of Manhattan
In the streets of Queens, streets of the Bronx
Streets of Staten Island
Wherever you see em they slither
Whoever... yo
Fearsome shit... check it out
Yo, yo


It broke me up when they pat me on my shoulder
Said stay strong cuz his life is now over
I flash back to the heathens that he roll with
They shot him up and down nobody knows shit
My peers, little ears
Came up to me with a eye full of tears
Last night we was shootin dice and gettin nice
Kid rolled us, played us for our merchandise
We were in the hallway all day
Me, Steve and Little Ray
Probably at first they tried to rob me
Back me in the lobby, pull out the shotty
Then came Scotty, fragile body
My first impression, he returned from a party
He would just stagger, smellin like Bacardi
The Dragon, braggin, how he was fuckin mad hotties
Pressed on the elevator button, then all of a sudden
He licked off, about a dozen
Slugs from the cannon, that ripped through my cousin
Nobody was standing when the nigga started bustin
Blood started to flood the floors by the elevator doors
That's the last thing that I saw
Damn, we planned to make grands and buy a home




Jagged edge, rockin God, hard as Stonehenge
Pledged whoever crossed his path get scrapped with a sledge..
..hammer, he didn't give a damn about the manner
And on the block he was called by the momma's
And the grandma's, 'indecent', 'heathen', 'juvenile delinquent'
His weekends was frequently locked inside the precinct
His most recent cape for catchin papes
Was snatchin up snakes on a roof butt-naked hang em off like drapes
Then ask what's the combination to the safe, with the brace
And those who didn't reply they fell straight to their face
Razor blade sharp who invades the dark
And raid more spots than Spays and NARCS iron heart like Tony Starks
A fierce lion, who never leave the crib without the iron
And on the block he be slingin rocks and duckin from the sirens
Greetin niggas he loved with a pound, and a bear hug
Those who wanted life, they catch a slug from the snub
A Five Percent, who all knew was one to ten
He loved the Gods with his heart but his brain was filled with sin
And when he came through niggas be lookin out
Hopin he gets shot or tooken out, or locked the fuck up in Brooklyn House
In PC, on a liquid diet, but he was louder than a riot



Do the knowledge to a nigga named Trigga
Bad rude boy from the land of Jamaica
With visions to venture, to the U.S
To receive the gold that he couldn't acheive
In his country, even though he sold mad weed
For the next man, who was the Don of the clan
Niggas actin like they got the block locked
Like I can't sling drug raps and eat food
But I be the rudest, bad boy steppin gun totin
Shots lash out like a violent explosion
At the nigga, who tries to stop my production
Intervene the scene and slow up the cream
None of that black, East New York, gun talk
Niggas I extort from Baltic to Boardwalk
Memories of injuries wounds and burns
Walkin' through the streets of Medina I stand firm
Cause I know this, which means I can hold mine down
Without a doubt, niggas who front, get snuffed out
Justice must be born there's no escape
Cause a snake can't be reformed so I wait
Comin' in the name to proclaim your fame for protection
And you don't know no fuckin' lessons?



Bad, bad, Leroy Brown
Baddest man in the whole damn town
Badder than the deep blue seaaaaa
Badder than you and meeeeee
Niggas comin thru the trees, like a salamander, bitin'
Like a piranha, but I'm bitin' you back, like a black pantha
The style I'm ampin' the... fuck my name, who I be?
Fuck the game, it's all about the moneyyyy!
Owahhaerahh, sometimes I get high with the Meth
Then I turn to the Killah Priest
When it comes TWELVE O'CLOCK!!
I turn into the demon beast, yo
Yo fuck that shit!

YO! SHOW THESE MOTHERFUCKERS WHAT TIME IT IS
 Rawwrarrrah
Rahhwarwaahauh, rawwaroar!!
WHO's THE BAD-ASS? *rawharrah*
WHO's THE BAD-ASS?
 Rawwwaahrah
[He practiced the snake style
He was known as the snake spirit] YEAHhhhhh


Lyrics, never waitin, twelve days, penetrated
When I come with the ruffness, mad niggas try to rush this
Slip into my killings, then I slays and you're helpless
When I try to stay sick, it's yacub grafted six
Calm for the kill, knowing the style that's ill
When I drop, lyric skills, brothers say, Buddah chill!!


I don't need to rhyme no more, niggas know, yo!
To all the Wu-Tang Clan members
The Ghostface Killer, the GZA, the RZA, the Ol' Dirty Bastard
The Method Man, the Chef - Raekwon, Inspector Deck, U-God
Yo!!!




Yeah girl, never stop what you're doin girl
You look good on TV knowImean
Got my eyes all plugged into you
You know, you got a lot of fans you know
You know we love you


Check the scenario, it's LA The Darkman imperial
I spit hot material to melt your whole stereo
I'm set, tryin to see cash like Kevin Garnett
Ain't no connin me, my partner's calm as Sean Connery
The new rap nominee for masterin economy
I'm lampin, catch me in a mini mansion
Around mobsters, Muslims, scholars and hoodlums
Cats just to eat will stop your heartbeat
I rock Jordans dunn, got about 19 guns
Now come see me, I grant my wife wishes like a genie
You catch me in the street, black Lex and black beanie
Walled off, slammed cats like Nikolai Volkov
I'm the boss


Never have I been so mystified by anyone's love before (talk to me)
Hey, I feel so natural
I keep comin back for more
And each time we touch you open up a new door

Baby you're such a midnight tease (midnight tease)
It's gonna take everything to keep you from me, hey (comin atcha girl)
And the joy that your lovin brings (lovin brings)
Can separate the mountains from the sea

Chorus:
I don't wanna be wrong
But it feels right
(I don't wanna be wrong)
If loving you is so wrong
I don't wanna go on
(I don't wanna go on)
I don't wanna be wrong
But it feels right
It feels good
So good, so good, so good

Spent so many nights believing I was wrong for you bein in my life
I can't ignore it when some say that it ain't right, it ain't right
I decided you're the best thing that happened in my life

I haven't had everything, oh no
But you come close to everything that love means, hey yeah (talk to me)
In heaven's eyes love is embraced between you and I
Now that we have each other I don't have to dream

Chorus


Yo, yo, yo, yo fellas please understand
You don't need to just leave your woman
Whatever type of relationship is at hand
It's all God creations, sea, sky, air and land
We goin through growin pains golden girl
Let's go live together cause it's a Dirty World
L-O-V-E, what does it mean?
Peep game from a mentally fit sex machine
It ain't all about that physical heat
Girl, you look good, yes from your head to your feet
Oooooohh sweet chariot
Oooooooo to the Marriot


Gambinos, my team play hard as Rick Patino's
The C-notes, women from black to Filipinos
Street hero, heat up the charts like El Nino
Egyptian, play the black knight position
Wu-Tang, Killer Bees, on a swarm


Chorus (2x)


Sound good girl
Don't ever stop singin to me!




The door is coming off the hinges
About to pass out, no doubt it's hot in here
Because the club is full of women
It's wall to wall and I got my crew with me
We grab a table spot to chill in
Hunt down a waitress, make an order
Here we go
Throw back a drink and let it kick in
It takes a minute
Who's ready to have some fun?


Get up and take a lap and mingle
Love being single on a night like this, yea
So many beautiful young people
That game is lethal, you don't have to kill them though
Just look at everyone as equal
While you were dancing she was watching, feeling you
Her and her girlfriends by the speaker
All moving on each other, this is when the show begins


Baby girl you keep looking at me
Move your body so sexy
Nice and slow, watch you roll
You know how I like it
Baby girl cause you know you got me
Move your body so sexy
Nice and slow, watch you roll
You know how I like it


Some girls dance with women
Knowing that it gets them attention
And I wanna get in with them
So pass me a drink and lets roll
(Come here girl)
Some girls dance with women
Knowing that it gets them attention
I wanna get in with them
So pass me a drink and lets go
(Lets go)


Might have to peel me off the ceiling
I'm like a soda that's been shaken up... boom
I find the playfulness appealing
That cat and mouse chase
On your mark, get ready, go
Send you a drink, see what the deal is
Held up your glass and blew a kiss, and took a sip
When you were finished, back to business
You and your girlfriends group up
This is how you draw them in






Oh, I like the way you twerk it, twerk it, twerk it
You and your girlfriend, sexual whirlwind (Yea)
Right there booty jiggling while you jerk it
Dirty's gonna work it out (Do that thing)
Now I'm ready to put my work in
Double my pleasure, whatever, lets get together (Work it)
Spend the night with me, that's all right with me (Shake it girl)
Long as you bring the thong, the thong thong (Work those hips, girl)
If you wanna freak make noise
I'm the boy
I, like, sipping on juice and gin
Touching bucknaked skin
Your girlfriend and twin


Step right up and spin the wheel
All charged up on what you feel
Make an approch tryin' to keep it real
What's you name, girl?
Try your luck and spin the wheel
All charged up on what you feel
Make an approach tryin' to keep it real
I wanna take you home

Yea-yea






Standing.. standing.. standing..
Standing behind you are my specially trained ninja


Yeah.. yeah, yeah, yeah, there they go, son
Kamikaze assassin.. they got hear it, yo son
Let 'em know, son, Dirty Bastard
Brooklyn Zu...


I transform like water, the ninja, verbal manslaughter
That enters bloodstreams like poison, throughout the body
No remedy to save the, I caught you
From Trenton to Kalamazoo (Haha Brooklyn!)
Don't stop, powers refined
Lifting two cents to ten times, wastin' no time
My wisdom, makes a large impact
Like 151 in the batch cookin' crack
In fact, where I come from I practice deadly
And rarely do they show their skills 'cause they're scary
No way to, counter, flows that found you
You asked for this, so holy graduands
Should of shut ya mouth before you lost ya teeth (to late)
Now them shits is, falling out ya face
Can't wait till that sound sign on wax
Tell the truth, give a million folks the facts
Kamikaze attacks, out the darkness
First one with the fire so I spark this
K-Blunt, saluted, undisputed as an artist
Out the mouth rambler, who's the gambler?


Ninjaz got that ill ass shit
Y'all niggas ain't fucking with this
This is ill as it gets
Ninjaz got that banging ass shit
Y'all niggas ain't fucking with this
This is ill as it gets


Rome the streets in my dome, I'm ba-ba-bad to the bone
Hard likes stone, take advice, keep ya ass home
Ya prepare, ya search but the truth's already there
You stare 'cause it's never been brought, under the care
Of the orderly direct, in fact, you're in correct
The outcome is death, sword across ya neck
I cause mad wreck and pain from my scorching flame
Many bodies I claim, militant, from out my name


Now listen here, the majority of these MCs is superficial
Your lyrics so ass, ya raps'll rip tissue
Nobody's gonna miss you, printed ya last issue
Concede it, this is played out, that's why them raps hit you
(Yo, I'ma make this..) I don't give a fuck about, what a nigga got
If ya bust ya Glock, if ya selling rocks
Boy ya still get dropped, stop before I hurt you
Lyrically I make tough MCs turn commercial


Yo, I'ma make this hit, bump up your shit
Warfare flick, bitch can't tamper with it
Stop fucking with the black and keep and old dog down
Tell the truth, kill ya lies, still respect your sound
Ain't no punk, it's just I'll always be around
Fuck y'all nigga, that's how we gets down
I make you, shake you, urk you then I break you
I'm Ason and then I'm gone, then I take ya ass on
For the Hip Hop ride, nigga please, step inside, and then ya die


Popa Chief, hard-headed, black-hearted
It don't take much to get a nig like me started
Off the top rope, lovely, with this one
Put ya head up like a well-trained Pokemon
Verbal shogun, we all known the outcome
Another hit courtesy of Holy Woly Productions


Just acknowledge the ways and just how I
Gets praying like professor, son of a best
Take a lesson, angelic ad-libs
Mass transit grabs kids then our scripts flip like back-flips
Mathematic teachings combine with ninja tactics
Cut ya bars, pre-teens get injured with that racket
Zu coming through making chumps out you bad kids
Colourize, terrorize, computerize, third eye, yo!






New York City stand up, Staten Island stand up
New York City stand up (don't you bother me, don't you bother me)
New York City stand up (old school style g.)


You nothin' but fallen stars, I see it on ya'll
Appear bizarre, Ol' Dirty boulevard
I've known global law, take his head Ceasar
Got babies like caviar, growin' evening star
God bless the dead, 2Pac Shakur
You can't divide war, this slim galore
Arabian flow, at nine a gigolo
With a bad hot ho, only cocaine up the nose
Incognito, defeat me, how so?
Rap K'd O, money green playin', go
Long ago, Protect Ya Neck video
Made me blow, on rap radio (Wu, Wu)


Staten Island stand up, New York City stand up
New York City stand up, New York City stand up


"For the ladies who know me, tell me how the fuck I be" ODB
"Dirty..." - Kelis


Brooooklyyyyyyyyyyn Zu, came through with the baby blue
Me and my brother Dirt Dog
Mama made breakfast today, with no hog
We hustle in the street, niggas ain't fuckin' with Wu, so roll deep
Born God Body with the vest of heat
When the Bee Sting hit, niggas move they feet
Yo, we banned from the club, you best to not sleep
Keep somethin' on the waves, thug passion with the Alize's
Smack 85 percenters, right in they face
On some black pimpin' shit, like my dun-dun Huey
God Squad in the building, big bags of ooey
Push the phat shit like Dutch Tsasui
RZA bring all the shit, fuck these clowns
Ason Unique, yeah baby, hold me down
Original tag team, S.I. City
Ain't nothin' sweet kid, ain't nothin' pretty
Wu-Tang Forever, kid, keep it gritty




Call me Osirus, lyrical virus
Ol' school fire, straight from lockdown
Wu-Tang veteran, straight from lockdown
O.D.B., now with Roc now




Oh baby, dedicated to all the pretty girls
All the pretty girls in the world, and the ugly girls too
Cuz to me you pretty anyway, baby



* bonus track on international versions of album


Straight from lockdown... don't you bother me, don't you bother me
Ol' Dirty Bastard, Dirt McGirt, old school style
Roc-a-Fella, Wu-Tang


You nothin' but fallen stars, I see it on ya'll
Appear bizarre, Ol' Dirty boulevard
I've known global law, take his head Ceasar
Got babies like caviar, growin' evening star
God bless the dead, 2Pac Shakur
You can't divide war, this slim galore
Arabian flow, at nine a gigolo
With a bad hot hoe, only cocaine up the nose
Incognito, defeat me, how so?
Rap K'd O, money green playin', go
Long ago, Protect Ya Neck video
Made me blow, on rap radio
Record sales overflow, set up in Ontario
Kill the Navajo, bustin' pistacchio
On a high plateau, the shit's a rodeo
How I bully the shit, and make this nigga blow


Call me Osirus, lyrical virus
Ol' school fire, straight from lockdown
Wu-Tang veteran, straight from lockdown
O.D.B., now with Roc now


I rock a forty block, I shit mash dead lock
I'm bitches as peacock, you can't hold the money block
Unorthodox, know his ice, by quotin' 2Pac
Rap box, who do you think solid by, movin' chicken pox
Who walk knocks, equal not
The slickest movin' the hot, on your boom box
Sold major xerox, pussy is remote control
Cuz of the bank role, M.C.'s more black hole
My pockets cholesterol, pussy arouser
Take 'em off like trausers, the eyebrowser
Moses, move like Jehovah, rappers a four-leaf clover
Get this money, like Oprah, in the yellow range rover, push over
Sippin' in our frozen, like I'm ship closing
Til you see fucked up, cuz I'm exposing
All this Wu-Tang shit, comin' at your war
Moving see-saw, on the Billboard charts, ya'll






Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
N.A.S.A., Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang


Toe to toe, I scrap with the best
If I spit 10 rhymes, nigga 9 gon' connect
If you ain't from the 102, I respect
Cause I probably just forgot, I'm rolling strictly for my set (Dirt Dog)
Wu-Tang, man I love my set
Niggas coming up here cause this is where the cheese at
Look here, more money, more problems, my ass
You's a naive cat if you still believe that, for real
That's some shit to try to keep you where you at
All content while niggas driving Bentleys and Maybachs
Think I'mma laid back playa? Forget it
First 100 G's I see nigga I'm tryin to flip it (hell yeah)
And that's some real shit, not just some lyrics
I got a couple open cases, not too specific
Niggas out here tryin to prove who's the realest
It's ok to pop shit, but come a little different


Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change
Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change


Ladies and gentleman
Right about now
Let's get ready to rumble 


Wild boy, cow bow, entertainer
Insane Purple Rainer
Musical genius, smoke the greenest
35 trying to survive like I mean this
Amped up with a whole lotta watts
Beat bang like a whole lotta shots
In the gun range, strange as they come
Underground don-da-da number one
Bang this orangutan, jungle funk, trouble funk
Double shot vodka on the rock star drunk
Rock n roll songs belong to blues singers
So peep this song that we sing, ya


Young and started, but I had a talent
To give this pack a jump, cause I took it as a challenge
So older niggas gave me much as I could handle
Cop the eagle, started jacking with the green New Balance shit
Feeling clean, I was only 13
With the heavy starch on my Bugle Boy jeans
My name spelled out on my 4 finger ring
It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen


Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change
Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change


Yo, the truth hurts, I'm addicted to shit I don't need
Weed, yayo, nosebleeds
Please don't remind me the hoes that grind me
Strip club, late night, gettin' grimy
Freak show, panty lover
But I'm gettin too old for this like Danny Glover
Nah, bump that, gimme some more, let's go
Ozzy Osbourne when I perform the flow, yo
I'm old school, set in my ways
Set blaze to the track N.A.S.A. made
Ain't lost my touch
Ride 'till the wheels fall with no clutch
Just stick to the script n' dip
Dirt and Lip getting chips like Erik Estrada
Coming with the silent product
It's FatLip and Dirt Dog
And N.A.S.A. for all y'all


Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change
Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change
Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
I'm Deranged enough to change


Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change
Don't know why I do these things that hurt me
I'm strange enough to change, y'all use these tools and then pervert me
Deranged enough to change





Yo bust it, yo bust it
This is the Dirt Dog and Afro Jazz
Yeah


On donne un dbit de mots hors du commun
De Brooklyn, Aulnay  Melun
(Here comes the medical examiner)
Pour les hommes, les femmes et mme les animaux
Mais si un animal, donne des animaux
Alors un "manimal", donne des "manimaux" !
Manie les mots comme un dingue et flingue, quel que soit le moment
J'ai pas besoin de seringues, de shhh j'suis dj dans mon lment
Le hip-hop est ma dope, j'ai besoin d'rien d'autre, mon nigga si !
Mon quipage, mon bedo, mon zinc
Paria in the area, v'la la gurilla, playa, playa

Not been bossy but I'm born to boss
Ason, maybe ! Yes, well, of course


I'm down with the All in Together Now Crew
The GZA, then the RZA, then me of course too
Quand on prend le mic a donne le strictly hip-hop
That's all that's made, my fucking workshop



MC, que mes potes, pas de tuteur o que j'aille
J'encule le manuel, je viens d'en bas pour mettre des balles
Le hip-hop se ramne pour dvoiler toutes les anomalies
Comme les crashs mentaux que la paix a pu ramener en Somalie
Les starting gates s'ouvrent, v'l la chevauche de btards
Quel bordel, l'underground gurilla se trouve tout-par
Osirus fait son Zu, sur le beat Robo, Jaeyez, Daddy Jokno

Se mler des dmls des sang-mls a nous regarde pas
Hutu ou Tootsi, qu'importe ton pdigre renoi
L'entit Afro: c'est ton identit ngro
L-dessus crache pas, dis-toi qu'y a vraiment tout c'qui faut
Ce qu'il y a d'plus vil dans la ville, j'veux bien croire que oui mais non j'blague
Comme dans un vaudeville, assure le retour des vagues
Quand l'cume des grandes villes comme le ressac te fume
Revers de dague! On vous rserve une place entre le marteau et l'enclume


I'm down with the All in Together Now Crew
The GZA, then the RZA, then me of course too
Quand on prend le mic a donne le strictly hip-hop
That's all that's made, my fucking workshop


Not sayin I'm the boss but truly I'm the utmost
BABY, have you ever caught the hip-hop holy ghost ?
Man, I mean really, SHIT IS HYPE
Especially when you find ya faggot ass rhymin on the mic
I became a wrecker through my amplifier
Breakin down bass, treble more, fuck em' all dancer
That's one who dances with the black magic music
Not classic, Arabic or basic, strictly dickly
Dirty and it's strictly mothafuckas, if not evict me
And forget me, I mean my mothafuckin word, my word means action
But feel the best style mothafucka, that's my jurisdiction
I'm not an African, Jamaican, fellow man, all time elapsin
Cave men, all middle men, brown men, leather 'peons
I'm human motha-, you sick human motha-
Tear up my plan, it be Unique Ason the specialist
Not hopeless, homeless or even helpless
Gotta get paid in full !


I'm down with the All in Together Now Crew
The GZA, then the RZA, then me of course too
Quand on prend le mic a donne le strictly hip-hop
That's all that's made, my fucking workshop


Sippin off a quart that I just had bought
Thinkin of the moments Ason had had
While ensurin, endurin, also glad..




Yo y'all niggas can't do what I do, straight up
But if you're ready to roll with me
Know what I'm saying
Y'all got to obey Dirt Dog, straight up
It's like that, what! nigga
I'm a fine and attractive handsome young man
Got most pretty girls saying 'Dirty I'm your fan'
I'm intelligent, so excellent
Girls want to talk to me
Bitch I ain't giving you no lip


Yo yo yo yo
You never knew Sauk's could rock the keyboard
See me out on the dance floor with three whores
And planning to go back to see the seashore
Sipping Sex on the Beach, but before
I get outta here, I'm hooking three more
Chickens, get with it
Don't be a nuisance, taste the romance
Forget the finance, all I want you ladies to do is dance

 (ODB)
Tell me what you know about suave dog thangs
Tell me what you know about dirt dog thangs
It's two buff strokes to shine you belly chain
It feels good like you assed out in the rain (straight up)
Girls hold their eyes on the things I say
'Cause they used to catch, throwing down Gs on it
We be stroking in the cab, breath on it
With the meter still running, 'cause my knees on it
Now you get to push first, put your two lips on it
So call me the long dick brown skin hornet
Ladies jam on it and shake that ass
Suave dogs catch a groove, don't move too fast

"Play with me" *repeated behind ODB*

Don't stop
Look, who that bitch over there?
Who that girl over there dun?
Is she looking at us, she like you dun

CHORUS  (Saukrates)
If you're ready to roll, roll with me
(Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl)
(Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl)
I said, if you're ready to roll, roll with me
(Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl)
(Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl)


You ain't tenderising me down with your sob story
I got you under control from army to mob boy
I mastered Tai Chi, you niggas better let me live con-for-tably
Oh goodie, you tooti-fruiti oh goodie
Tooti-fruiti, oh goodie
Ah whap bomb a lou bop a whap bang boom


Now I hope you don't mind if I sneak a touch
And slide in the cut, Sauk's got the record so the needle won't budge
My track pants sag to create a half moon, nigga what
Fellas if you see a fat ass say (what!)
Ladies if you need a long dick say (aah!)
Y'all need this, intricate groove bop shit

Say my name girl (chizznocklate)
Oh girl, now you got me thinking fast
Your nice thick lips, Marnier in the glass
You approach me, other dudes have to ask
'Cause they mad because they ain't getting none, fuck 'em
It's as simple as this, I do my own thing
Got my own shit and I got my own game
Some dudes suck dick, I get my dick sucked
It's as plain as that, word up
Come on, let's pour the rum in the cup, word up
ODB and me speak words freely
 X4
Saukrates, uh, redrum Chizzy

CHORUS

"Play with me" *repeated in background*

All you ladies got to do is dance
All I want you niggas to do is dance
All you ladies got to do is dance
All you niggas got to do is dance
All I want you ladies got to do is dance
All you niggas got to do is dance
All I want you ladies got to do is dance
All you niggas got to do is dance
All you ladies got to do is dance


If you're ready to roll, roll with me, stay dirty X4
Don't go against me

Yo bring it back from the top




Daddy's home, your daddy's home to stay


Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo same time same channel
Nasty vandals too hot to fucking handle
Bring the ruckus to all you knotty head fuckas
Shit's like Hammer Time, niggas can't touch us


Straight up and down Wu-Tang forever
Come tougher than DJ Run's leather
Make a better tomorrow
Condition your atmosphere, air like feathers
The fire come, transmit vire come
The higher sire come, we burn your wire
Wu-Tang be number one...


Four years ago a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was Meth and it went this way

Yo, we took a test to become an MC
All the withers in the crowd got amazed at me
God threw me inside his Cadillac
The chaffuer drove off and we never came back

Meth cut the record down to the bone
And now I rock solid chrome microphones
Now we signing autographs, with cheers and laughs
Champagne, caviar, and bubblebaths, but see...

That's the life that I lead, you sucka MC, we G-O-D
Take that and move back, or catch a heartattack
Because there's nothing in the world the gods could ever lack

I chill at the party in my b-boy stance
Walk, cap low, 45 in my pants
Fly like a dove, that come from up above
My nigga's Iron Lung but you can stay one love

It's just a one two three a three a two one
Throw your blunts in the air for the god Iron Lung
Blow them right in your face with the bass
You messed up, come in first place, the real rap taste

First come, first serve basis
Coolin out boo, take you to the def places
One of a kind for you people's delight
And to you sucker MC, you know it ain't right
Bet you bite all your life, cheat on your wife
Run in a gun fight with nuthin but a knife
Bangin with your boy, slingin with the crew
And everybody know what you've been through
It's the one two three three two one
Throw your blunts in the air for your dunn Iron Lung
Smoke in your place with the highs and the bass
Come in first place in the real rap race
Go uptown, buy a bag of brown
You sucker MC, a sad face clown
Gettin OD ready to rock crowds steady
You drive a big car get your gas from Getti


I'm ODB in the place to be
Didn't go to St. John's University
In the streets of Brooklyn I aquired the knowledge
Allah Mathematics that's higher than college
I'm fly on skins that I gets in Queens
She love filthy swine and my collard greens
I'm dressed to kill, you know our style
Cause niggas don't know that Dirty Dogg fly

If you wanna see me baby come, you know Dirty Dog is number one
X2

I wrote this song about the (?)
You gotta know where to start when the beats play
X2



Dirty?

Phil Collins
Ol' Dirty
Yeah, Su-su-ssudio
Sudioo


This recording is dirty and a-stinkin'
Pukier than Pep Le Pew
So I was thinkin
About, droppin' this single on the charts
Letting you know
"Hey! The kid has heart"
I never deny myself as being dope
But in my last jam, niggas slept on my notes
You thought that I was weak
Uhh, let me speak
My rhymes come funkier than your gram'phone would speak
So listen, mister, don't you ever forget
The rhyme are dirty, you couldn't clean it with Comet
Or even Morax, some try Ajax
Only mix with the best, 48 tracks
Yo, I get down with the eight song sound
Lyrics that be flowing from miiiiiles around
So let the music shut ya ass up
And feel the uppercut that'd make you fall to your butt, w-what!

Chorus:


If he calls me, I'll be there
I'll come running, anywhere
He's all I need, all my life
Feels so good if I just say the word
Su-Su-ssudio
Just say the word, oooh
Su-Su-ssudio
Uh ohh


Let me continue, verse number two
Style is wild, Dirty stinkin' like doo-doo
If your hangin' around, you change your mind
If it's a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme (my rhyme)
I sit down and I say to myself
Sell, yo, or you on the top, shelf
I drop this single for you, to get a dose of
As I lay back, like a pillow on a sofa
Gettin paid? Yeah, right, fully
My ass can be G one one one
You know me
My rhyme is sugar
Sweet as a honey bee
Tastes like a ??
Stinkin' like OE, yeah
Well I drink Old English
So I speak Old English
If not, I'd be dirty and stinking
And if not, well I guess I'm not
The A-S-O-N, my friend
You wouldn't understand

Chorus:


If he calls me, I'll be there
I'll come running, anywhere
He's all I need, all my life
Feels so good if I just say the word
Su-Su-ssudio
Just say the word, oooh
Su-Su-ssudio
Uh ohh

If he calls me, I'll be there
I'll come running, anywhere
He's all I need, all my life
Feels so good if I just say the word
Su-Su-ssudio
Just say the word, oooh
Su-Su-ssudio
Uh ohh

If he calls me, I'll be there
I'll come running, anywhere
He's all I need, all my life
Baby
Su-Su-su-ssudio




Drank
Young Money


Love in a thousand different flavors
I wish that I could taste them all tonight
No, I ain't got no dinner plans
So you should bring all your friends
I swear that a-all y'all my type


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin', ooh


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Freaky, freaky gyal
My freaky, freaky gyal


Shimmy shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yah
Bad girls gon' swalla-la-la
Bust down on my wrist in this bitch
My pinky-ring bigger than his
Met her out in Beverly Hills, ay
Dolla got too many girls, ay
Met her out in Beverly Hills
All she wear is red bottom heels
When she back it up, put it on the Snap
When she droppin' low, put it on the Gram
DJ poppin', she gon' swallow that
Champagne poppin', she gon' swallow that


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin', ooh


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Freaky, freaky gyal
My freaky, freaky gyal


Bad gyal no swalla nuttin, word to the Dalai Lama
He know I'm a fashion killa, word to John Galliano
He copping that Valentino, ain't no telling me "no"
I'm that bitch, and he know, he know
How y'all wifing these thots? You don't get wins for that
I'm having another good year, we don't get blimps for that
Pussy game still cold, we don't get minks for that
When I'm poppin' them bananas, we don't link chimps for that
I gave these bitches two years, now your time's up
Bless her heart, she throwing shots but every line sucks
I'm in that cherry red foreign with the brown guts
My shit slappin' like dude did LeBron's nuts


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin'


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (my love) (drank)
Swalla-la-la (my love) (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (kyuh!) (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la


Young Money
Swalla-la-la
J.D
Freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Derulo




Drank
Young Money


Love in a thousand different flavors
I wish that I could taste them all tonight
No, I ain't got no dinner plans
So you should bring all your friends
I swear that a-all y'all my type


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin', ooh


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Freaky, freaky gyal
My freaky, freaky gyal


Shimmy shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yah
Bad girls gon' swalla-la-la
Bust down on my wrist in this bitch
My pinky-ring bigger than his
Met her out in Beverly Hills, ay
Dolla got too many girls, ay
Met her out in Beverly Hills
All she wear is red bottom heels
When she back it up, put it on the Snap
When she droppin' low, put it on the Gram
DJ poppin', she gon' swallow that
Champagne poppin', she gon' swallow that


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin', ooh


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Freaky, freaky gyal
My freaky, freaky gyal


Bad gyal no swalla nuttin, word to the Dalai Lama
He know I'm a fashion killa, word to John Galliano
He copping that Valentino, ain't no telling me "no"
I'm that bitch, and he know, he know
How y'all wifing these thots? You don't get wins for that
I'm having another good year, we don't get blimps for that
Pussy game still cold
We don't get minks for that
When I'm poppin' them bananas, we don't link chimps for that
I gave these bitches two years, now your time's up
Bless her heart, she throwing shots but every line sucks
I'm in that cherry red foreign with the brown guts
My shit slappin' like dude did LeBron's nuts


All you girls in here, if you're feeling thirsty
Come on take a sip 'cause you know what I'm servin'


Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (my love) (drank)
Swalla-la-la (my love) (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy yay, shimmy ya (drank)
Swalla-la-la (drank)
Swalla-la-la (swalla-la-la)
Swalla-la-la


Young Money
Swalla-la-la
J.D
Freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Swalla-la-la
My freaky, freaky gyal
Derulo




This is the cleanest bathroom I've ever seen
I'mma sit my shit down
Uhh, ahhh, ahhh, oh shit *fart* uhh hold on, I'm good
Take my shit, now, boy
Nigga gotta shit! Nigga gotta shit!
Ain't nothing wrong!
What? What, wash the toilet bowl?
That look clean to me
Ahh, shit -- shit, lord
Oh... damn... ahh, ahh, fuck, man
Drinking too much of that damn wood, everytime
Shit... mmm rush no shit...
Ugh... ahh, damn... wipe my ass
I don't know why they don't just put one of them
Protective covers over the seat
Fuck I might catch some shit up in my ass



Gab Gotcha:

Welcome to the 7th Ring
Last of the Chambers
Castrater, hater
Mastering the saber
Waving paper
Blazing major
Violate the dispensary
I medicate phonetically
I fornicate poetically with energy
Gotcha, the pedigree
I sponsor the Weaponry
The monster, the leather gene menace with the chemistry
The God of War
Cracking them medusa heads up on the wall
Packing Thor
When the hammer drops you can stack them all
Pack em all
Something where you rest
Now we crack a thug
On the floor violate the best
Yeah you're catching yours
Straight track dropping raps
We attack them all
Paint cracks from the heat winter spring and fall
Summing numbers in December
While they slumber I dismember
Lowkey while I beef with the avengers
That's torrential, consequential
Monumental to the game, we're essential

Rza:

The chambers is everlasting, this is for the chambers, boy
I'm saying.. poisonous thoughts.. we coming to cure the sickness in the hiphop
Brothers coming out here with all that garbage.. He said she said
RnB watered down washed out versions of music
We bring y'all the dirty uncut

Old Dirty Bastard:

Where ever you come from, whereever you're at
If you're down with me, then let's roll
(you didn't know me!)

Gab Gotcha:

Chamber music, I shake melodical acoustics
At a rate that produces epilepsy to the users
I'm a bonafide seducer, pipelane drug abuser
Night playing in the cruiser, burning sour sipping souza
Jimmy Keys gimme what I need homie, gimme Gs
Many bleed when they try to speed homie many leave
Many flee
Casket made of cake when they bury me
Standing at the gates with a crate full of memories
One of the best am i not?
Respect, check the history
If not, fuck a hater
Cause how I feel ain't a mystery
If y'all hot, then I must be scorching
I'm lighting torches with methodic
Lightning verses without caution
Gasoline dreams, nightmares made of fire
Built to fuel my desire when I cook what's inspired
Please check the menu, the recipe is legendary
Iron Eagle flying in the sky, the rest is secondary

Old Dirty Bastard:

Well i wanna know whos in the motherfucking house
Is Queens in the house?
Basically, mad raw hiphop, mad raw slang

Rza:

?? taking y'all back to the battles know what im saying?

Old Dirty Bastard:

It was something y'all never experienced before
You know Enter the Wu-Tang Clan, right? right? right? right?
Yaaa yaaaaaa
It was something that you didn't expect..
But you wanted it and you needed it, cause it was just something
That you had to do




Yeah, youknowhatI'msayin, to you?
I was in Riker's Island, youknowhatI'msayin?
High impact, youknowhatI'msayin?
They they had me pickin cigarettes (SLAM!)
A thousand cigarettes up off the floor
Doin push-ups, all that bullshhhh
Yo I'm tryin to (SLAM!)
I just wanna give a shout, to all the jails everywhere
Cause you know, I know it's a game (Just SLAM!)
YaknowhatI'msayin?  The government got a game
Get all the brothers locked down
(This one, is a hit, it's called SLAM!)
But it ain't like that baby!
Knahmsayin?  I'm not havin it no more
(Doin it at the park)
Me personally, knowhatI'msayin?
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
Yo, check this out
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
This is the jam called SLAMMMMM
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)

(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)

Yo, yo bust thissssssss! Yo white boy don't you got a shadow?
Black boy don't you got teeth, what the fuck is the beef?
Some tame buck nigga in the movie, said a little poetry
Had some problems with the cops, cause his man gun was hot
And of course, fuck that red tape
(*gavel pounds three times* "Guilty!!")


I gotta spit at y'all, they runnin some shit on y'all
Or should I say yes, cause I'm still on the bus
So y'all is really me it's just, y'all is already you
I hereby do declare, all of us is we
Quit your silly-ass games and, petty-ass dirts see and put
Greed to the side for good
For your heart it's like a court minus time divide

(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(A-dubba-dubba-dah!)


We live in a society created by an empire
That's based on terror, welcome to the One World Era
A complete interruption to your lil' paultry ass life
That you thought you was livin, and what you been given
No more Benzes to roll in, fat-ass stacks of money
Cause ain't no such thing as money
I bet y'all niggas think it's funny
Put your money where your mouth or where your mouth used to be
Cause ain't shit on this planet, or in this life for free
We gonna do it like Osirus and The Warriors in the dark
Get your niggas and my niggas and some mo' niggas
And have a meeting in the park!


Lost in the sauce, cause you think you got force
Get this across, there is only ONE boss
A NUH got it locked down, while NUH be dumbfound
And got alllll on the surrounnnnnd!!
Who you think own the ships planes and trains?
Now you got a white man's name!

(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)

	Yo whassup son?
	Yo whaSSUP lOC?
	You ready to heat it up at make this system smoke?
	BLAOW, BLAOW, BLAOW


We want knowledge, we want wisdom
Y'all want bars, Cristal and bitches


We want off shore bank accounts, property
We wanna show you how to do it, properly


Fuck your friends, stack your ends
The next time somebody tryin to run game, then pretend
That they runnin game then, run game back and

	Yo let him let him roll off in his Cadillac
	Cause real players play the back
	Old schooL FLAVA!!!!

(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Doin it at the park)
(Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)
(Ohhh yeah, rock the park)




Sing the song, sing along with me
Sing the song, sing the song with me


Lelele lady, tell me why, tell me so
I ask you to go high, you tell me to go low
So I go low, , taste the shit
, taste it again, I like it
 I'm the original G-O-D
Making young ladies scream's my specialty
When I go DUN DUN DUN DUH, girls get hype
From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped
When I kill, that ol' mad funky flow
Not sayin Ason, duck duck disco
Or disco duck, strictly hip hop
Baby baby, I can't stop
Wu, gots  like come on through
Soo, that's the call for the Wu
I came here to rectify
BROOKLYN ZOO, terrify
Why, niggas wanna get up and rap and rap and rap
Man, fuck that
Shit, that I make it's the skit
I wanna see ya hands in the air, can ya dig it
Let's sing the song
Come on party people, all in together now, sing along

Have you ever ever ever
In your long legged life
Had a bald headed bitch
For your bald headed wife

 Gimme dat


Who's the baddest motherfucka in the Brooklyn town
And also representer of the Wu-Tang sound
If you wanna jump up and get fucked up
Last nigga got up and got shot up
But you's a gangsta, on the boards I'll bang ya
Mess with the Wu-Tanger, I'll hang ya
You'll get shanked and spanked and alley-ooped
I admire true niggas like Dre and Snoop
Chamber number 9, verse 32
Only speaks about BROOKLYN ZOO
That a true nigga shall come through
No-one is available to be compatible

This is chamber number 9, verse 32
Is what we call The Stomp

 Raekwon
The stomp is down 
Get down for your crown 
Stomp 


Brothas always playin with the microphone
When it blows up in your face,  you leave it alone
You couldn't touch, this style is too much
It's the rhymer, I don't give a crippled crab crutch
 Any nigga or niggerette
Get burned to the brimecell like a cigarette
Straight up and down, I get dirty to the ground
Rhymin gets me paid madd bread by the pound
Shout out to my crew, tight as a belt y'all
Go by the name Big A, from the shelter




Dirt, Dirt, Dirt...
Dirt, Dirt, Dirt...
That's what I'm talking about


Soon as she slurp the mic, here comes the herpes light
People at church be like, friends, at work be like
She is the thirsty type, a nigga McGirt be like
Look, it ain't workin' right, it will convert my life
Now she's an earthly type, pure, and worthy type
Catch her in early nights, smile with pearly whites
Sippin' Bacardi's like, she's back in perverted life
You know how these birds be like, that's why you can't treat them right
My brother he eats it right, cheat, and beat his wife
Ike and Tina fight, this Medina life
The crack and nina like, block and fiending like
Cop subpeona like, giants and beams of light


Stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, that's what I'm talking 'bout)
Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp!


Things ain't the same today, this is the game they play
Dirt, the name, they say, throwin' the blame my way
So they can change my face, take and claim my space
But I remain the ace, always maintain a space
Coke, the 'caine, the base, Henny without the chase
Then it come out to lace, pussy all in my face
You know where the Dirt be at, where the skirts be at
Money and work be at, pull and squirt the mac's
You fake aristocats, where your pistol at?
Weak ballistic caps, I'm firing missiles back


(That's what I'm talking 'bout)
Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, dirt, dirt)
Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp!


Three years, I'm out the gate, waiting, my clients deflate
(What, what) chain plate, bitch, I'm goin' state to state
Bitch, I sniff them eights, muthafucka, make these papes
Watch that ho get raped, nigga, I'm going ape
This is part two, the Stomp, you niggas in the slump
Uzi's all in my trunk, nigga, you hear the thump
Fill you with holes and lumps, rocks all in my fronts
Cock and feel the Monk, pussy everyday of the month
Do what the fuck I want, bitches, you shake your rump
Niggas you ain't no comp, let me see you jump


Stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, that's what I'm talking 'bout)
Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp!
(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, McGirt) get, the, fuck, off, your, ass, nig-ga!
Stomp, stomp, stomp! (That's what I'm talkin' bout!)
Let, me, see, you, stomp, stomp, stomp!
Get, the, fuck, off, your, ass, nig-ga!
Stomp, stomp, stomp!




Yeah, yeah, check the flavor of this

Yo see my pinky? See my thumb?
See my fist? Ya better get the hell outta here


Help me Rhonda, help help me Rhonda


This is the Wu-Tang Clan, we wanna bomb ya


Brothas get petro when Ason appears
When I step into your atmos', here comes the fear
Can I get riggy-diggy-raw, huh? Man!
Who's knows your shields, yes the man I am
Which means I'm clean, another slang on your brain
Forget about all that handy flocks and chains
I'm popular, straight from the opera
I rocks on a nigga cuz I'm about ta
Blow up! With the jaws, the party I'm in there
Ya step to the Shaolin, throw the blunt to the rear
What time is it? It's time to whip the whip
Mad difference to the pockets, feelin legit
Cuz when I come out this way, I don't play
To put a brother away, Chk-BLAOW! Blown away
Give it to ya raw, my style is hardcore
Don't funk the jaw, Wu-Tang jaw
Shit is about to get funky in here
I die for this cuz you're shot when I'm there
Whoever's with me, you better step with me
Right now, if not, another beat down


The Wu is comin through!


Yo it might sound dramatic, I'm a rap fanatic
The mic is a habit, I gots to grab it
Whipped it, flipped it then I sticked it
Enter my pocket once I've rocked it
Sound is known as the high sin dome
Like smoke from a blunt when it enters the dome
The deliver the method to improve my effort
Of my flow when I got buckwild with the record
MC's laid up, they heard my flavor
Got a bomb whip like my next door neighbor
Never the effect of 28 got me paranoid
Girls are somethin I can't avoid
Gimme gimme gimme, I stay when I'm simmy
But I won't say a gift without somethin on my Jimmy
This is the slicksta when I gets ya sister
Flipped ya, hit her then I'm quick ta
Live New York with a two dime talk
Then who keeps walkin through the Times speed talkin
Those who hit the, flow seems to get ya
Hit you and then Big Prince come and stick ya
And I'll be havin you, runnin up the Avenue
My rhymes that be grabbin you and beats that be stabbin you
Some fail to fuckin voodoo, the drunken monk
If it ain't loud enough, pop ya trunk




So what you gonna do?

"Wu-Tang crew" -] Ol' Dirty Bastard *cut and scratched a few times*




You don't even know me, you can't even see me
Friendly of the daylight, now I'm back, now I'm back again
Don't be scared baby, can't you see I'm thirsty?
Friends of the daylight, let me drink, let me drink, my friend
Don't be scared baby, don't be afraid
Friends of the daylight, and I'm back, and I'm back again


Never going nowhere, you can't run from me
Day and night baby, can I drink, can I drink again
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, can we drink, can we drink, my friend?
Don't be scared, don't be scared, baby
Can't you see I'm thirsty? And I'm back, and I'm back, again


What, first things first, man, you can't fight the curse
You can't call the doctor, you can't call the nurse
You got that Louie Loco on the side of your purse
And those tight mint sixties, about to make me burst
I can't think, let me sink into your jugular
Come have a joint, with the thirsty love guzzler
From the darkside, baby, don't be afraid
You can't fight the thirst, nor escape the Blade
I've been scoping ya, hoping you be open to
Take a sip, of the potion cause it's overdue
It's not your ordinary, it's a special brew
In the heat of the night, I will rescue you




Allow me a parting gift, to remember this
Sooner, no later, the thirst, always drink


Yeah, yeah, and I'm back, and I'm back again
Live, live.... back again




Baby, can't you see, I'm calling
A girl like you, should wear a warning
It's dangerous, I'm fallin'


Oooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up


There's no escape, I can't wait
I need a hit, baby, give me it
You're dangerous, I'm lovin' it


Enough to make a nigga, go crazy
Shut down the Grammy's, ask my grammy
Wu-Tang for the kids, but your host can't stand me
Wu-Tang for the kids, bust them off for family
Catch me on Disney (ma, who is he?)
Down Dirty, stinky, grime and grizzly
Old man McGirt, lookin' under your skirt
Fucked the pussy til' it's orange, like Ernie and Bert -Like, ooh


Too high, can't come down
It's in my head, spinning 'round and 'round
Can you feel me now?


With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride
You're toxic, I'm slipping under
With a taste of a poison paradise
I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic?
And I love what you do, don't you know that you're toxic?
Yeah, I'm burnin' up from what you do, you know that you toxic?


Like, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up; she said, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up
Meth got the weed, we can burn it up; I told the D.J., nigga, turn it up
I want a girl that help me take my medication
So I don't end up at the police station
I don't wanna go back to the police station
They tried to send Dirt on a long vacation


It's getting late, to give you up
I took a sip, from my devil cup
Slowly, it's taking over me

Too high, can't come down
It's in the air, and it's all around
Can you feel me now?








What y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79


I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits
Tremendous, ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you, through the future see millennium
Killer Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Bees ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, die hard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block


As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence
The hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land jump the gun out the frying pan into the fire
Transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back in the line of fire holding back?
What? My peoples if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they're tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot and blow spots
You want to think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums


I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme, your fort is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts, paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought
I got the fashion catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God


The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang


Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anaesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings


March of the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square we stay in gold like Flair
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like a fuck, I'm ducking five-year probation


War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for their acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song


The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
Ninety-three million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none


Yo Yo Yo, fuck that, look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink, you had a Navy green
Salamander fiend, bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali
Came in threes we like the Genovese, is that so?
Ceaser needs the greens, it's Earth
Ninety-three million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz


Aiyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor world tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland






Weve just received a report that New York City is under attack by swarms of killer bees. Theyve been seen approaching from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, and Staten Island. We urge you to stay in your homes at this time, as we will be bringing you up-to-the-minute information. This just in: Police are reporting that theres a man on top of a skyscraper, ready to jump. Im told that he is possibly Ol Dirty, a member of the Wu-Tang Clan. The police suspect that there could be some connection between this old dirty man, and the killer bees


What y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79


I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous
Ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you, through the future see millennium
Killer Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Bees ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, die hard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block


As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence
The hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land jump the gun out the frying pan into the fire
Transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back in the line of fire holding back?
What? My peoples if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they're tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot and blow spots
You want to think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums


I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme
Your fort is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts
Paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought, I got the fashion
Catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God


The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang


Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anaesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings


March of the wooden soldiers
C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square we're staying gold like Flair
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like a fuck, I'm ducking five-year probation


War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for their acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song


The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple
Stab wounds and leaks sounds that's heard
Ninety-three million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none


Yo, yo yo; fuck that, look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink, you had a Navy green
Salamander fiend, bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali
Came in threes we like the Genovese, is that so?
Ceaser needs the greens, it's Earth
Ninety-three million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz


Aiyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor world tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland




"Hey dog, there them fools go right there!"
"Yeah, they-they rollin' hard too- They-they slangin' real good
Real good"
"I might have to drop 'em
Might have to drop a dime on them niggas
Know-what-I'm-sayin'? I don't like that shit
I don't like that shit"


"Throw it up
Throw it up, nigga
Wha-what-what?
Yo, y-yo, yo!"

Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Drunken Mast' about to get my money right
Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right

I'm comin' through in the clutch like my name was Jerry West
Wit' a belly full of brew and on my hip I got the Smif-n-West
("What 'chu doin'?") Ballin' as I mash through these city streets
Still fifty niggas deep, packin' heat! ("What 'chu ridin'?")
'99, chrome kitted Escalade ("What 'chu doin'?")
Gettin' paid, ready to blast you in your bald fade ("What you called?")
Urban legend, situation sticky
Fuck you niggas if you niggas ain't wit' me ("Where you goin'?")
To the bank then I'm headed to 'Lac ("Why?")
To blaze a sack wit' them niggas who got my back ("Who is that?")
Cheddar chasers, them B-T-T's ("And what they doin'?")
Makin' G's wit' they mind on they chedda cheese ("And what you got?")
Extra clips for them playa hatin' snitches ("Why they hatin'?")
Cause Drunken Master's on the road to the riches ("What you gon' do?")
Rush they spot and give 'em two to the dome ("Why?")
Cause Daddy's home, about to get my grind on

Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
International, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right
Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
International, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right


You wanna bring the ruckus? Fuck it, then we can
If you's a G nigga, then I'm at least a hunded grand
Damn- That's a whole lot missin'
And what's this 'bout a competiton wit' all this bullshit you pissin'
In the ocean? Damn, your little ass really must be smokin'
Hopin' that I won't say that much and hit you wit' the camal clutch
Nah, what the fuck? I'm on some ill shit for real
And talkin' to me like that, nigga, 'll get your family killed
But you will probably squeel and say it was me who pulled the trigga
And I'll have to lie and blame it on one of your ho-ass niggas, like
They was smokin' Swishers when I stepped on the scene- This
One nigga looked mean and stuck me up for all my green
And all I seen was you bust up wit' the gun
And all I did was run to the phone and call 9-1-1
And by the time I'm done, nigga, you be deep up in some shit
And I'll be somewhere, nigga, deep up in your bitch
So before you pick the wrong fat nigga to fuck wit'
You better call your clique up
Y'all niggas is plannin' some tough shit
Some mo' rough shit, some mo' thirty-eight snuff shit
But I'mma bust shit like 'Back the fuck up, you dumb bitch!'
Not one clique? You better be for real
That's like bein' blindfolded in the middle of a mine field
Now y'all chill and we can make it pop
Urban legends, nigga, holla at me when the album drops


Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right
Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right


Yo, yo, yo
Yo, stomp wit the big dogs! Sick dogs lurkin'
Doc Bradshaw behind ball plant and steel curtains
Denver Bronco fan, Glock squirtin'
Brick city, steerin' wheel hurtin'
Prepare y'all fast cars for lane mergin'
Hasta manana, y'all crash like Diana, cock block into gramma
Got cock in Atlanta
Rockin' P.P.P. Bandanas while we fuck 'em on camera
It be too late to plant bait for my clique to fall
We plant boobie-traps and pit-falls and thick fog
When I tee, L.A. rock- It's yours!
Websites couldnn't find a force wit' Macintosh
On John Walsh- America's Most
Aimin' for spots to put more than a tear in ya coat
I back more hoes than Coach- Thanksgivin', Doc
The forty-second street float wit' most hip-hop folks
I'm unemployed wit' courderoy gloves
Through the voice di-rectly to chest, knock ya down like The Waterboy
Me and Meth-Tical, PLURAL!
We rob everything and set on mag ZER-O!
Mothafuckas feel me- Top of the line
Feel me- Knock the Soul Train off the track
And I'm milky like titties and Similac
When I ask you 'Bring it on back'!


Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right
Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E
World-wide, international, V.I.P
Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night
Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right


"So don't test me and my man Drunken Master
Put one in your ass faster
And I'mma drop wit' my man
Brick City, cause we all kickin' ass 'til niggas' shitty
Yeah, Young Zee and everybody run, dog
Brick City, holdin' it down
Don't like it, get you some balls
And my man Chris Webber gettin' smoked the fuck out, FUCK Y'ALL!"


"Yo. Yo, check this shit out, man
It's the Dirt Dog, you-know-what-I'm-sayin'?
Keepin' it real, man, you-know-what-I'm-sayin'?
Dirty don't give a fuck about nobody, know-what-I'm-sayin'?
Only roll wit' REAL niggas, know-what-I'm-sayin'?
All them faggot-ass niggas that wanna keep playin' that shit
Keep playin' that song?!
Let me tell you somethin' 'bout my real nigga, the Drunken Master
Niggas get busy
Niggas get busy for one cause!
EVERYBODY ELSE CAN SUCK MY MOTHAFUCKIN' DICK!"




Fuck who ever saying shit
Fuck the whole system
Fuck who ever playing me
Fuck who ever listens
Giuliani fuck perjury
Fuck the club
Fuck the pub
Fuck the ball
Fuck him, fuck security,(violence)
With a gun and grill that's how I fucked her, fucked y'all
Even Juvenile said all don't give a fuck hen, (violence)
We on the worst on this shit
Holla more I go first on this shit
Lets see how many times I can curse on this shit,(violence)
Shit, fuck, ass, bitch, nigga, pussy, ho ho
Putta, marico, pera, toto,(violence)
I put a gun to your brain
Put you in front of the train
Drink a Smirnoff
Wait for it to wear off,(violence)
Take is hair off
Tear his ear off
You loath us
Strip now you blow
Got the strap now she knows
Don't sob a bitch, hug a bitch, mug the bitch, mug the bitch
Get out of hear
Mugged the bitch, slugged the bitch,(violence)


(Violence) die bitch nigga
Bitch nigga die (violence) (x4)

Die (x7)

(Violence) die bitch nigga
Bitch nigga die (violence) (x4)


Yo, yo, yo
You don't know me grab you I will
Fuck what you heard, stab shoot I kill, (violence)
Kill kill kill kill
Nigga's triggers off
We burn bitches nipples off
Pull them pistols off, (violence)
For my real bitches cocaine copy
They straight Lorena Bobbitt
Run up on your chain and pop it
Get in the red and drop it, (violence)
You acting strange to cawk it
You want some brain then stop it
Honey game is logic
The money's regardless, (violence)
Gun scared to use it
They so wild and pros
Shave your pubic, then put on the alcohol,(violence)
Here on the aria, fuck the plant house
Razors in the mouth
Waiting for you to talk slick
Dezzy talk spit, (violence) (spitting)
Ups the hork he
You better cover, (violence)
Cut from neck to jugular, chocked in blood,(violence) blood, blood, blood
BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD
DIE, DIE NIGGA BITCH (Violence)




You fucking zookeepers better leave my motherfucking
Monkey's alone
You prejudice I put you in you chair and peace to president
I wasn't having that veal, (violence)
And don't forget the fuck who's here
Mike Tyson you can't be in jail
Am getting you the fuck out of hear, (violence)
Prostitute bitches if you prostitute, PROSTITUTE
You're the best at the game of the few, (violence)
I over heard a bitch say how he saw always two
You could never have travelled my room

Die bitch
And am a hater
Hate your taste
Hate your place
Hate your face
Hate y'all nigga's
Can take y'all nigga's,(violence)
Hate my life
Well I hate your wife
Hit your wife
But I hate your wife
Now your about to hate this life,(violence)
Hate to say I hate shit
I hate that bracelet
Well take that bracelet
Take that fake shit
Take that stink shit,(violence)
And I hate chick cluckers
And fake big brothers with dick sucker's
Make the pig suffer
You die left out,(violence)






Just be all -- I be hungry, man
I just can't take this man
Oh my God, I need some food!
Chill baby -- I wish this muthafucking black nigga
Would shut the hell up
I love you too, darling




Please pull the plug if the drugs are winning
Cause the high will keep your world spinning
Wasted time, thought about the high with fam
True the cash was there, and the stash was there
And I thought that Forever that the Wu was there
Wasted time, on hoes, pussy and clothes
I'm the Don of the rose, it's the life I chose
Baby Mamas are the worst, bitches don't even work
Yet the Coach bag matches with your hat and your skirt
So I slept for no reason, disappeared for seasons
Room may be padded, but damn, it's more easy
Beautiful girls tease me, they see the sleaze in me
But I'mma stay Dirty, accept the snake
No more will I waste the cake, no more will I run from Jake
No more will I make mistakes, no more will I waste the time


No more will you spit in my drink, no more will you poison me
I'mma climb real high, feel free with the thug inside
No more will I run and hide, wastin' time
No more will I taste the drugs, no more will I dodge the slugs
I'mma climb real high, feel free with the thug inside
No more will I run and hide, no more will I run and hide
No more will I waste the time


I walk on a dirty trail of cash and L's
Red Rose, you get high when I exhale
Jumped bail cause the judge promised my ass jail
West Coast couldn't hide me, the world's an audience
Passed out from the high like Martin Lawrence
Had me in the room next to Sarah Connor's
But my problem's much greater than any Terminator
Not one visit from fam, just letters from fans
Saying "Dirt keep ya head up and fuck getting wet up"
The Roc told me to sign on the dotted line
"Welcome home, Russell Jones, you've been wasting time
Rocked up a little, bling bling a little
Now every roach in the cracks wanna jump in the Ac
Every cat in the front gotta ride in the back
You freaks in the Ford, I ride a Cadillac
You freaks in the Ford, I ride a Cadillac
At last






If only we can lay our hands on that vixen Yu Shin Hua
Then all our problems will be over...
Yu Shin Hua!


You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed


The quintessence, father of the hip hop renaissance
My slang been around before baton and Benetton
I've been on, fingerprint, two finger tips
So when I squeeze the rubber grip, release the clip, then leave the clip
C-Cypher Pigs can't identify it
The true and living God, son, we exemplify it
The most complicated 'formance of life, we simplify it
Bzzz, don't knock it til you try it
Flying dagger, make 'em stagger, then I take a swagger
Ice cold Jgermeister, take a drag of
Humboldt County kush, slide like the Nike swoosh
Bruce Almighty got more problems than Spidey, look
Old Brooklyn, Putnam Avenue crook, I've been tooken
All around the world, rooked it then, drive back in Brooklyn
Good looking, son, yo, son, bring the hook in
You can never find Zig weak spot, stop looking




From the continents to Croatia, I'll flame a lamester
With the new slang, much more to show ya
These rocks change, Glock fully, hot pellets
Have me running through the hall, it's on, like you being chased by the relic
Can't nothing harm me, yo, I move through any project
With logic, few semi's, hide in the cockpit
Scream out, Shallah and I'mma tap in, harder than Tinactin
Don't try to play the fella, I'll blacked in
Moving all miraculous, the slap smiths of the rap game
Say my name backwards, you'll get back changed
Black man, black hooded, moving through the city
Like you Batman, still you so pussy, like Catwoman
Don't bother the Legion, more squeezing, more reason
To light a new block up, cause me to cement shit
Powerful block shoppers and all niggas getting that guac
Dare you to try to find my weak spot


You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed

Verse 3: GZA
I stay on the 64 squares, while controlling the center
Trading space for material, the time zone I enter
It's calculated by movement, from pushed pieces
Advances in development, once the pawn reaches
The 8th ranked, now heavily armed with a tank
My opponent's base is threatend, soldiers cut with shanks
Moved all my small pieces, MC's are driven back
Unable to avoid capture from the attack
Such movement, is naturally quite unsound
Men is badly placed upon dangerous grounds
Loosening their position, before they were strongly posted
Before the double rooks had approached it
They must've been quick to ignore the principles
Rock a V and an effective God is invincible
A strategic plan, just the way I envisioned it
Many fallen soldiers in complete imprisonment


You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed


I tell you, right, right, right, in ya muthafuckin' face
Muthafucka, you know, well, you know muthafuckin' well
Whenwe don't play that shit, or, I don't play that shit
That's just Wu-Tang. You know, I'm the nigga
That...that, give it to ya raw
When I said "First things first, man, you fuckin' with the worst
I be stickin' pins ya head, like a fucking nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu"




Dirt Dog, Nicole Ray
Welcome home, you Dirty mutha-- Wu!!!
(2003, Brooklyn)


Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog (dirt dog)
Uh oh (dirt dog), Dirt Dog
It's been so long (been so long)
Since you've been gone (you've been gone)
So bring my body some heat (body some heat)
To move slow to this beat (yeah, yeah)


Dirt, the ol' shit, let me put my hands up your skirt
Been to you since I flirt, bet your knees get hurt
See your titties through your shirt, may I feel like Kurt
In bed, I put in work, I got a dick I'll squirt
I'm totally psyched, that this party all night
When I play the shelf, I'm fuckin' bitches, that ain't my hype
I got ass in my sight, girl, would you now blowin' the pipe
Jewelry, I wear, bite, I like that pussy tight!
Find my drugs in the street, stink assholes in seats
Holla at me, tweet, tweet, that's where the fucked up feet
Banana livin' bitches, fast it itches
Unwire Gucci stitches, get grain to riches


Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog (Get off the jock!)
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog


Met this bitch, pussy switch
I'm a dog, I itch, monkey, I'm rich
Settled in Brooklyn, only let crooks in
Ghetto black pussy, yeah, I fit in
Nigga, I'm most in, party's I'm hostin'
My note to cokes in, do the front row sting
Put your hot temperature, your pussy sent ya
Over here, I pimp ya, white and black I blend ya
Dick up like a roaster, you be like whose the
My music will lose ya, you miniature
I got this microphone, pulled back and cocked
And all sperm cells get off the jock!


Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog (Get off the jock!)
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog (Yeah)
It's been so long (been so long)
Since you've been gone (you've been gone)
So bring my body some heat (body some heat)
To move slow to this beat yeah, yeah


Baby can you play my song (got song)
We be dancin' all night long (all night long)
Feelin' sexy and so free
Music takin' over me


Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Baby can you play my song
We be dancin' all night long
Feelin' sexy and so free
Music takin' over me
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Baby can you play my song
We be dancin' all night long
Feelin' sexy and so free
Music takin' over me
Uh oh, Dirt Dog
Uh oh, Dirt Dog


Hot for you, comin' soon
Dirt McGirt..




Gettin' money til the day we fall
We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall


Double barrel shotgun (blaow), pop son
I told nigga, just not run
I saw him on 205th in Fordham
This dog was frozen, so my high heat thawed him (Wu!)
I blown ya, you need a blood donor
My bitch ghetto, like Florida and Laronia (girl)
Laundry mat hoes, who want clothes?
I flow checks, one followed by six o's (six o's)
I got hoes, in codes, in different areas
Four ton whips that's sittin' on interiors
The bass shake in the club like it's earthquakin'
I cock arm, pass the bomb, like Troy Aikman (Aikman)
Play the basement like Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson
You miserable, you get kidnapped by Kathy Bason
Thrown to the dungeon, for your spongin'
Of Wu Killa Bee, what's your total malfunction?


We pop, we brawl, get money til the day we fall (yeah)
My Glock (my Glock), my four (my four)
Throw shots through your bedroom door (bedroom door)
From the P's, to the morgue, cop Louie all the way to my drawers (New York)
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the way we fall


Come on, let's cut the crap, money
I've been gettin' this rap money
Crack money, stack money, I'm tryin' to get that Shaq money
That Mike Tyson, Michael Jordan, Michael Jack' money
Five hundred mill' and better, dog, yeah, now that's money
Act funny, ya'll make me laugh (haha)
Frontin' like you tough, you softer than a baby's ass
These lazy ass labels -- fuck you! Pay me cash
My crazy path promoted me into a Mercedes class


We pop, we brawl, get money til the day we fall (yeah)
My Glock (my Glock), my four (my four)
Throw shots through your bedroom door (bedroom door)
From the P's, to the morgue, cop Louie all the way to my drawers (New York)
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the way we fall


Yeah.., all ya'll can see is the back of my jersey
Blowin' in the wind, goin' back to Jersey
Off to Brooklyn, left you back in Jersey
I was doin' a buck 90 like a throwback jersey
Shame on a Nigga, take it back to Dirty
Run, game on a nigga, I'll be back in thirty
Seconds, got the world's greatest record
And that money I'mma spend it like your greatest record
This Division, all the ladies respect it
Disrespect it and the eighty'll check it
It ain't hard to see how ya'll ignorin' the steel
Niggas that I clap, lookin' for me still
Til they look like they came out of George Foreman grill
Thoughts are stolen on Free, must be on them crills
Plus my, team gon' be holdin' like forty mill'
Thoughts are rollin' on E., must be on those pills


We pop, we brawl, get money til the day we fall (yeah)
My Glock (my Glock), my four (my four)
Throw shots through your bedroom door (bedroom door)
From the P's, to the morgue, cop Louie all the way to my drawers (New York)
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the day we fall
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the day we fall
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the day we fall
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the day we fall
We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the day we fall




Yo, yo, P. Diddy might run this city
But I walk down the block, flash my -- (Yo RZA, hold up, hold up)
Yo what's up son? (Yo, we gotta remix this joint)
Yo, come on then (Yo, 40, it's on you)


I gotta tell you, we ain't next to nice, made you nice
Don't get your head cracked, don't get your tomato diced
I'm the coldest M.C. in the game
And I shouldn't have to say it, you squares know my name
Pimped with all the slang in the game, that they recite
Every time I open mouth, these suckas bite
I bust like a Dutch Master, blast you if a have to
Somebody call the pastor


We got realest long beats
Flows stop, make the beat go ---
I'm in the Coup with the seats low
Even on the East Coast, I gotta keep my heat close
We leaving holes in your cheap clothes
My only job is to stop imposters, watch the mobster
Cop the Boxster, drop the top and squat
Switchin' through lanes, this is the group thing
Cause this is Wu-Tang and Horseshoe Gang, what up?


We pop, we brawl, get money till the day we fall 
(We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall) 


Yo, I Bonecrush' ya, like I ain't 'never scared' brother
That baby mother's like baby powder and there another
M.C. does this cutter, when I cut, I split jugglers
When my teeth get yellow, I spit butter
By now you know my name, man, who hold the belt, now
Plus who hold his self down, all with the same hand
Now what's the game plan, let money change hand
I'm still champ, and white boys still can't hang


Yo, P. Diddy, might run this city
But I walk down the block, flash my Glock on the jiggies
An ounce of chronic, crushed up in the ziplock
Outside the club, is packed up to the gridlock
Dime piece wizes, high heels and the flip flops
Real players pop with those cringy wrist watch
Big bouncers the size of Sasquath
Tuck riff with the rim that'll make your eyes pop




Do I have to assassinate them?
Man, I leave 'em with no altimatum
I ain't hate 'em, I ain't make 'em make mistakes
But I'mma break 'em, the cops, could I shake 'em
Or will they catch me and charge me
On the streets I put something in ya, that'll send you to God
Meet my man, we don't have to roll, candy when we ride
She love it, when I give her, pull her panties to the side
Bullet loco, you might catch me breaking and entering
Mama, I had to jump bail right before the sentencing


Get it up in 'em, cool, that strip and claimin' the set
And quick to Sway the Tech, ya'll straight bang and connect
It's the dog, ya'll get it off, on your backpack and blue marker
Chronic smoke cougher, I don't shoot walker
Dub Sizzle on the remix, the last to speak
Now it's all coming together like sweaty gas leaks
Fo' sure, a nigga will say, 'yo, it's Dub C'
40, Crooked I, RZA, Method Man and Jayo








What a shame, what a shame
Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a nigga


This is it, boy
Stackin' money to the sky, gettin' rich, haaaan
Stackin' bricks to the sky, this is it, haaaan
When my dogs gettin' high gettin' rich, haaaan
And a nigga rich, haaaan


Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a nigga
Pull a pistol, bang on a nigga
Beamer on the Boulevard, everybody know it's me
Bordeaux Polo, smoke a ton of weed
No room for nonsense, you under new ownership
Pullin' niggas' cards, givin' shooters bonuses
Fuck the rumors, now I'm standin' in a room with ya
Face, gut, buck 50, got two pistols
We the Knights of the Templar
Born dopeboy, oh, I should've been stopped
Def Jam see me as a threat now
Hundred mill, any less is a let down


This is it, boy
Stackin' money to the sky, gettin' rich, haaaan
Stackin' bricks to the sky, this is it, haaaan
When my dogs gettin' high gettin' rich, haaaan
And a nigga rich, haaaan


Full magazine, bitch, shoot for the stars
Snatch a nigga chain just to post it on the blog
Assassinate a name, nigga sprayin' in the dark
Hate you with a passion, but he askin' for a job
Shame on a nigga that tried to run game on a nigga
Pull a pistol, bang on a nigga
Gettin' money while them other boys bitter
I'm an artist and my niggas are the realest
What a shame pussy niggas wear glitter
Put to sleep by the pillowcase killer
Black Benz, black weed, black bottle, nigga
Rich, dirty niggas still mobbin', nigga


This is it, boy
Stackin' money to the sky, gettin' rich, haaaan
Stackin' bricks to the sky, this is it, haaaan
When my dogs gettin' high gettin' rich, haaaan
And a nigga rich, haaaan
This is it, boy
Stackin' money to the sky, gettin' rich, haaaan
Stackin' bricks to the sky, this is it, haaaan
When my dogs gettin' high gettin' rich, haaaan
And a nigga rich, haaaan




Ladies and gentlemen, En Vogue, Osirus
This is dedicated to all my monkeys
Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up
Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up
Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up
Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you


Im loving you too much
Don't take advantage of
My tender heart and everything about me
In giving you my trust
Im giving you my love
So do take care, please be gentle with my heart


(Bum, bum, bum) Everything I do is about you baby
(Bum, bum, bum) Baby I don't wanna give up
I've been loving you from the start
Here's my head, here's my heart
Everything I do is all about you baby


Whatever you do, whatever you think
I look in your eyes
You dont know how my heart aches
Whatever you say, whatever could mean
You're breaking my heart


I want it all the time, I want it every night
I can't stop thinking, can't stop thinking about you
I'm burning with desire, my heart and soul on fire
So do take care, please be careful with my heart


(Bum, bum, bum) Anything you do I crave it baby, baby, baby
(Bum, bum, bum) I can't get you out a my mind
(bum, bum, bum) Loving you I can't deny you're in my heart
Deep inside, everything I do is all about you, baby



 w/ ODB in the background
I may be a fool for you, baby
Well, I can't help myself
Maybe I'm too in love
What else can I do but go crazy
For your love, boy, I'd give anything


On and on, I'm the rap professor
Freaky and alive, the women caressor
Never say I'm freaky or a pervert
But baby, I'm a singer man and I flirt
I'm throwing you some nuh, my foot comes down
When a man has a woman, he can never leave town
She's all on my back, oh, blocking my goals
Same time ho, get off my own










When you hear that, that's the sound of the police
Whoop, whoop, uh, don't get handcuffed by the beast
When you hear that, that means the cops is comin' nigga
You better get to runnin' nigga


It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you
Without a rhyme about the nine and what the tec do
The four pound Llama, thirty eight special
With AK shells through your teflon vest too
Yeah Scrap, when the Bastard's back out
The pastor's back out, the casket's passed out
The shit bags, and the catheters passed out
Shoot up the crack house, smack workers pour all they cracks out
Go to war, Mack never backed out
The mac's get backed out, the ARs get dust off
The Ks get bust off, the shaft and the stock get cut off
Your cash and your block get cut off
And the SWAT and the ambulance rush off
My hand on my nuts like fuck ya'll
My SP Jeans drip, layin' on them S Dot green shits
Count the bucket like And 1, just run when the van come


When you hear that, that's the sound of the police
Whoop, whoop, man, you better throw that piece
Toss the handgun, before the man come
When you hear that, that means the cops is comin' nigga
You better get to runnin' nigga
Toss the handgun, before the man come


Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu..
Shame on a nigga, who try to run game on a nigga
Who put restraints on a nigga
Wu bandana, I smoke Diana
Fuck Joanna, she hot Louisiana
The Ol' is famous, for ignoramous
I gets mine, not being boisterous
Americana, half Montana
Only gonna smoke the best marijuana
Dis the Grammy's, on the panel
Change the channel, good smell flannel
You think shit is dandy, her pussy is candy
Forty four Glock, keep it handy
I fucked Amanda, you talk propaganda
Only gettin' money, on the Miranda
I stay candid, government branded
Heavy handed, woman demanding




It's not game of R. Kelly
Run up on twenty-six and seven, coke peli'
Open up and them in deli, spray whoever the sweaty
My felony, mix emotions when I walk in that building
That's why I sip that purple potion that make choke up your seven
It's Peed Crakk don't act as if you don't notice
Make me call that boy Mack, Bean Sig' flip you over
Respect mine, them tech nine's ain't my thing
I defeat the purpose of teflon with one ring
Make the place, vacate, I can't wait
For you to come out your face, so I could come off the waist
Hey, it's Peedi, Peedi, when you see me, take it easy
My uncle be named Reesy, his luger be named Squeezy
Make you get low without M-Eazy
My murder just might please you, you know them niggas my people's
And every time you see me do my thing
They tell me, Peedi, Peedi, crush easy, the Mac gon' ring




When you hear that!
Yeah, this that shit straight out of jail, muthafuckas
YouknowhatI'msayin, you know how we get down, nigga
This that real shit, muthafucka, 2003 shit muthafucka
YouknowhatI'msayin, Dirt McGirt, muthafucka
Dirt McGirt, muthafucka, Beanie Sigel, muthafucka
Beanie Sigel, nigga, better get down and lay down
State Property!



Artist: Bekay f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard
Album:  The Future of Hip-Hop Is Now
Song:   Where Brooklyn At?
Typed by Davida.b


Haha, yo it's Bekay, you know I had to get Ol' Dirty up on this one, right?
(What we want ya'll to do) listen up (we want ya'll to get on up)
Get up, get up (Cuz this is Joe Dirt McGirt) Dirt McGirt (and the Bekay)
Bekay (the KONMAN) KONMAN (this is that old wicked and wild shit)
Yeah, let em know Dirt Dog, it's Bekay, ya'll better wake up homie


Yo yo, these rappers are coming out the closet soon
And I don't need a Street Fighter to puff some Sonic Booms
These cats act calm, but they break the most
Yo, I went on Fear Factor and ate the host!
The rhymes stay hard
So many hits in New York they told Aron to quit his day job
Yo I came for the game, your dame
Your fame, your chain, your chick's brain, it's all the same
And you gon know my name, I'm thorough
B-E-K-A-Y pronounced just like the boro
Next best in rap, respect this track
Call KONMAN and Kanye to get this track
Chicks love when I pick up the bill quicker
They wanna be a rich girl like Allie Hilfiger
Yo, the game lost, but we took it back
Now everybody scream out 'where brooklyn at?'


If you trying to get rich, but your ass still stuck in the hood (hey
Ya, hey ya, hey ya)
If you're drunk as hell, and that fat chick's looking real good (hey
Ya, hey ya, hey ya)
 You gotta earn this free drink, so why don't cha keep shaking
Ya hips *Hey ya
Hey ya, hey ya*
And wild out to this Bekay KONMAN platinum shit *hey ya, hey ya, hey ya*


Ayo I been here, got the feeling my name's due
Ask M.O.P., can I get a Lil Fame too?
Why you hating, faking, patiently waiting, debating
Rap I'm taking, face it, amazing, I'm blazing
I ain't never really heard of you
So dissing Bekay, sonny, that's absurd to do
Really passing ya'll herbs, see?
Put a hole in your chest bigger than a basketball jersey
Bekay, destined for fame
Been known to shut your favorite club down when I step on the stage
Chicks jock me, named the kid cocky
They say real can spot real, so I know ya'll can spot me
Honeys spoil me royally
I mean I'm around birds so much Colional Sanders pays my roayltys
Pound a shot, get messy too
If not, pour it on a person standing next to you




Yo watch Bekay and follow
I don't pass the courvoisier, I chug it straight out the bottle
Gamble in the hood, play cee-lo loco
Puertorican mamis say "Don Cito loco"
I'm business, the mic is a hobby
I can drop dead on the dance floor and still be the life of the party
Now fellas, get the condoms ready
Take that, honey shake that thing till your bra gets sweaty
You say you only drink Cris? Shut up
My crew will drink anything as long as it gets us fucked up
I know chicks who slam shots of Hennessey
They wakin up next to me the next day, and they don't even remember me
Cats tell lies, ya'll loving the fables
I got chicks who could drink ya'll under the table
It's Bekay, screaming it loud
Cuz the future of hip-hop is now




Bekay (Say Bekay)
Dirt McGirt (say Dirt McGirt)
Bekay 
Dirt McGirt 
Bekay (Say Bekay)
Dirt McGirt (Say Dirt McGirt)
Bekay 
Dirt McGirt 
Yo we do it like this (and we out)




Yo.. all my bitches that make money
Throw ya motherfuckin' hands in the air (Suuuu!)
Cuz it's all about the money
(Yo, yo, all my, all my, all my homies
Let me hear you go suuuuuuuu!) Money rules the world
I take over all pussy with money
(All my girls making money, out there)
All cars get tooken over cuz of money, baby
(Let me hear y'all go suuuuuuu!)
All businesses, baby, it's all about the money
To all my niggas that bustin' shots for money, right now
Bust shots (suuuuu!) bust shots for the money, now

"Where's your money?" (suuuuuuu!)
"Where's your money?" (about the money)
"Where's your money?" (it's all about the money)
Throw ya motherfuckin' hands in the air! "Where's your money?"


The Brooklyn borough king, you bitch to me is everything
Sent me to Jersey, trapped off the parascene, or Penelope Pitstop
You can't duplicate the picture, or record this hip hop!
My owl's are tryna crust up the ziplock
Dime pieces in high heels and flip flops
Real playas, with the Zenty's wristwatch
Outside of clubs, is backed up in gridlock
Three bouncers the size of sasquatch
Plus whips that will make your eyes pop
Hot burns that burn faster than matches
Dirt is only out to catch vicks
See boys on the back on some rap shit
Fake industry heads sweating in the guest list
I'm on the spot with a bottle of fresh Cryst'
Lay up on the table, arm around the best chick
It's all about the money


Hey, I'm O.D.B., let me know "Where's your money?"
Next time you see me, let me know "Where's your money?"
Baby, I just got home, let me know "Where's your money?"
We got to feed these kids, baby, let me know "Where's your money?"


In a fly, tailor-made suit, cooking a blunt
Got the Phantom, parked, crooked out in the front
Rowing, gun toting, Sonny Chiba niggas we large
Caymen Island style, sucking on cohiba cigars
The way we stack cake, you know I know it's making you sick
Watch dough with diplomats from other countries and shit
Heh, now let me show you why we walk with a swagger
Money over flowing, spending like it don't even matter
Money do a lotta shit, money make me more bread
But money take a nigga life, put a price on they head
Think you nicer than the dreads, niggas fight with the feds
Keep it cool, while I put all of the hype on the bed
Bitch, ever since my cake got a little bigger
Fuck a JP Morgan, Merryl Lynch and them niggas
Fuck it, call it what you wanna call it, nigga, we sinners
Throw my money at ten thousand dollar tables for dinners, now



It's a Busta Bust now, nigga, let me know "Where's your money?"
Everytime you see me, let me know "Where's your money?"
You can give me all your money, let me know "Where's your money?"
When it's the first of the month, nigga, let me know "Where's your money?"



For the carat D class, next to my middle finger
When I see my own reflection, diamond frost the mirror
Diamonds as cold as ice, frost bite like winter
Floss fitters, three quarter four length chinchillas
You wish you knew the way, the kid'll quiet dough is a mystery
Niggas bread'll stack longer than American History

Heh, now peep the way we runnin' through y'all, it's funny
Fuck around get you murked with my "Woo-Hah!" money
Lay you down in the dirt, let me school y'all dummies
Hit the town with the work, like crack heads, they love me
Shit, to call my cake disrespectful bitch, holla
A lot of acres with a pet alligator, named Dollar
Bust it, y'all niggas know that I'm the most, so just stop it
I cop cribs, and stash cake and keepin' money in wallets
Niggas money smaller than a bar of Whatchamacallits

Money hungry like Sudan, when my paper stay brolic



Hey, I'm O.D.B., let me know "Where's your money?"
(It's a Busta Bust now, nigga, let me know) "Where's your money?"
Next time you see me, let me know "Where's your money?"
('Fore I stick ya ass up, nigga, let me know) "Where's your money?"




This is dedicated, to allllllll you bitch assssssss


Who can make it happen like Dirt?
Bury motherfuckers like Dirt?
A Dirty for drama, get's worse
Who can make it happen like Dirt?, tell me


Standin' over bodies with a shovel
Standin' over bad, til my beef all settle
On another level, cuz I dance with the Devil
Then I slap a bitch in the eye, with the bezzle
Starin' at ice, so my nine stare back
Then I shoot first, so you won't shoot back
Criminal thoughts, sippin' on Similac
If I walk with a limp, then it's pimp tag scrap
On sundown, you gonna eat these rounds
Roll on the bitch ass, with the tops dropped down
Dirty stay focused on the bend, deep nigga
Then I will offend, who offend me, nigga




Who can make it happen like Dirt?
Bury motherfuckers like Dirt?
When the cavalry come, and you face these guns
Who can make it happen like Dirt?


If you sittin' beside me in the church
One hand on the bible, on hand on your purse
Fuckin' the deacon's wife, like I'm Judas
Y'all thank God, while me and my stank, do this
Had her online like desktop computers
We ran the train, like rush hour commuters
Pack a pussy, like porn stars, yea, ya'll
Who can make it happen, Dirt Dog, the rock star
Bury motherfuckers who come, so stay far
I can send a bullet back to when, ya'll start war
Who can make it happen like Dirt?
Who can get it clappin' like Dirt?
Who can make it happen like Dirt?


Who can make it happen like Dirt?
Bury motherfuckers like Dirt?
When the cavalry come, and you face these guns
Who can make it happen like Dirt?



We got the hook-up
Hook it up hook it up


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click


Yo, yo, yo I demolish emcees in the south go south
Sound few projects that really don't doubt
Well as I remember I was 12 years old
Didn't know about fronting or playing a role
Yo thought I was slick, felt harder than bricks
With my Mr. duh and my uptown kicks


Its my time to come in this bitch and put my foot down
I'm getting ready to fitting knock your mothafucking door down
Cause when Ol Dirty Bastard doing something you know its bout to go down
All them motherfuckers that didn't know I bet they know now
Bitch you better slow down before you get tore down
The click I roll with, weak niggas can't go round
(Ya'll what)
Nigga we hot bring your ass to the ground
OWWWW, hard to pronounce


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click


Watch cha waiting thru your rap fatigues
If the mc world was a minor league
See would niggas cease where it is unique
Tear itzzzz up from an old antique
Don't inspect the project, bet on you frees
Hardhead, startin that said siamese
I never like rhymes that's incomplete
Then again obsolete, shall I repeat
Its an easy street for a nigga who earn
Learn so dern and a nigga return
Add intelligent, positive messenger
Experiment negative Lucifer
I'm intelligent so excellent
Girls wanna talk to me I don't give you know hint
Will I wait a moment give you a compliment
Bitch do you think this is some sort of entertainment
Forget about that, that's just experiment
Damn a nigga blew a fuse off the things I invent
Allow myself, my fresh reducement
Better step to the left of the rap lightning
There's no replacement for my supplement
Of the new testament cause what I say is what I meant


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click


Motherfucker WOO SHIT I'm a stomp you bitch
H-bomb on a nigga cause you can't do this
When I pull up my bitch we all spray, bitch be gone its gone be on
It'll be a motherfucking murderer on this microphone
I ain't gone die no ho BOY, I'm out the N.O
I'm a 5-0-4 BOY, you a fucking fool
I'm A 5-0-4 BOY, No Limit and WU
I'm ROWDY ON THE FLOOR BOY
Huh nigga what


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click



(feat. Mystikal)

We got the hook-up
Hook it up hook it up


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click



Yo, yo, yo I demolish emcees in the south go south
Sound few projects that really don't doubt
Well as I remember I was 12 years old
Didn't know about fronting or playing a role
Yo thought I was slick, felt harder than bricks
With my Mr. duh and my uptown kicks



Its my time to come in this bitch and put my foot down
I'm getting ready to fitting knock your mothafucking door down
Cause when Ol Dirty Bastard doing something you know its bout to go down
All them motherfuckers that didn't know I bet they know now
Bitch you better slow down before you get tore down
The click I roll with, weak niggas can't go round
(Ya'll what)
Nigga we hot bring your ass to the ground
OWWWW, hard to pronounce



Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click



Watch cha waiting thru your rap fatigues
If the mc world was a minor league
See would niggas cease where it is unique
Tear itzzzz up from an old antique
Don't inspect the project, bet on you frees
Hardhead, startin that said siamese
I never like rhymes that's incomplete
Then again obsolete, shall I repeat
Its an easy street for a nigga who earn
Learn so dern and a nigga return
Add intelligent, positive messenger
Experiment negative Lucifer
I'm intelligent so excellent
Girls wanna talk to me I don't give you know hint
Will I wait a moment give you a compliment
Bitch do you think this is some sort of entertainment
Forget about that, that's just experiment
Damn a nigga blew a fuse off the things I invent
Allow myself, my fresh reducement
Better step to the left of the rap lightning
There's no replacement for my supplement
Of the new testament cause what I say is what I meant


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click



Motherfucker WOO SHIT I'm a stomp you bitch
H-bomb on a nigga cause you can't do this
When I pull up my bitch we all spray, bitch be gone its gone be on
It'll be a motherfucking murderer on this microphone
I ain't gone die no hoe BOY, I'm out the N.O
I'm a 5-0-4 BOY, you a fucking fool
I'M A 5-0-4 BOY, No Limit and WU
I'M ROWDY ON THE FLOOR BOY
Huh nigga what


Who rock this bitch
We rock this bitch
Who run this bitch
We run this bitch
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click
That No Limit click
That Wu-Tang click



Featuring Ghostface, RZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard

Yo Yo Yo doodododododo Yo pssh yo
Yo park the jeep on the street of the Sunset Marquis
Autograph sign and pass wit a gold tip sharpee
Permanent ink blots undrunk from velly poo scotts
All you faggots try to judge my shit like Ed Koch
Underground left and right pair surround sound can't be scared
Plea the ams radio tapes that he jammed
Golden chrome, desert eagle never left at home
Flip the track of the beat watch Bobby flip the metronome
High voltage, keep my seat in winsbro cultured
Kill enemies by mailin them the poison glue postage
I open and fold ya thought he fucked a ogre
I leave the cats the book of food stamps ????
The box of evil a fifty sack of that lethal
Adjust these boots and bloody cube steaks from keebu

 4x
What party can you go to
And I ain't there you bitches actin like they don't care


You bitches actin like you don't care
You bitches actin like you YO
Razor blade toenails cut holes inside tube socks
Golden platinum things unstainable
I chew rocks
Slipe wit type digital soup deflect bullets
Black hooded surrounded by forty acres of wooded
Land, like my cousin dusty dirty as dan
Fucked the daughter of the leader of the Ku Klux Klan
Tapes we dub pound you wit the ace of club
Climb your tree to a shub
Tongue kiss a lion and kidnap her cub
Passin it portrait
My bitch spread eagle wild orchid
Pussy so wet you could fuck it wit a soft tipped dick
Tickle the tonsil you could hear her coughin
I don't know if Dirt fucked Mariah, but I'm out to fuck Tyra
Starks might fuck Mya


I'm the pussy vampire

 4X

Yo I'm bent out three days two nights yo I'm spent out
One hell of a cruise New York got they hand out
Like I owe somethin, check they stance they frontin
I'm two seconds fromt wistin ya'll shit over nuttin
All a sudden ice grills kid you did a baby bid
In a minute almost hung yourself slit ya wrists
To the maximum hand me the forty I'll thrash and
Split out guests wit gash lemon goes throw his laz gone
Trama the block pro bar sledge slang ho
Runnin from to and sharles some rap and I might blow
World cup, some been blessed wit the Stanley
Yvonne lendl ordered lamb racket wit the cam key
Sideline maneuver, polish wax MC remover
Niggas wit long nails cuttin me leavin bruises
Candle lows tied a thousand an ya'll froze
Came home an dust that doo tryin to play me close
We've been peaked for years now Liz wants to choppin the kid
I might do magic make him disappear
Rearose that nigga Isotoner Coca-Cola holder snap the granola
Sprinkle ginko polish
Venom from a cobra lace in the come he brought older
Soaked through a strainer here's a doser
The King James version is paid just like Samsung
Wit effects that'll kill rogers double O seven
Hanna Barbera hops the opposite abandoned the deer
Fuck wit mics like Sonny and Cher
Or maybe captain entenail, connect and then blow the seal
Nice like mister whittendale your girl Chippendale
Shallah bridge all up in ya dog dial trench
When I snatched that shit was broke shoulda sent ya ass back
And where's the key to the hatchback pop that
Get in throw a bag full of mice and then respect that

 4X
What party can you go to, and Wu ain't there
These niggas actin like they don't care
What party can you go to, and Wu ain't there
These hoes actin like they don't care




Yaaah Yaaah Yaaaaah Yaahh
Yaaah Yaaah Yaaaaah Yaahh
Yaaah Yaaah Yaaaaah Yaahh
Yaaah Yaaah Yaaaaah Yaahh


 The Flip Mode is the Squad that controls your set
Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check
 We on some outta space shit like you watch Star Trek
Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check
 You better keep my music bangin till it disconnect
Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check
 Architects gettin money let me cash my check
Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check


 Busta Rhymes up in the place with the ODB
 Busta Rhymes you rhyme dirty
 You rhyme after me
The ODB was nominated for a Grammy
 Congratulations Bust with your solo LP
 Putting scratches in my lyrics like my name was Kid Capri
Blow up the spot, regardless of your nationality
 And I'm the Dirty Dawg can't fuck with me
 Took Mariah on a fantasy
 I had a wet dream that I was bonin Jody Wately
Doin wild shit-a-nuh, ain't allowed to see
 But we about to blow up the spot momentarily
Woo-Hah!! Ran stupid all throughout the country
 And for youse to kill me? That wasn't meants to be
 I know it feel good, motherfuckers want the recipe
 And whose the vigilante, in the place to be
 The ODB
 Busta Rhymes real quality
 My top priority, is to be the voluntarily
Nigga that rip your ass for free, ha-hah-hah, hah




 Ohh baby I like it rawww, get with me
Baby it's pure ecstasy
 Yo everytime I design a flow, you see in 3D
Flawless victory
 Knock a nigguh out, one two three!




Dibby dabby dibbi dah, then I pass a lot
Let me get more hot, represent the spot
A mad Squad when it comes to the art of rapping
I gotta keep your hands clapping
When you look at me, the type of guy I be
I'm a dirty dancer, making girlies panties move
Let them fly so I can blast up the twat
Girlies watch sayin "God, stop getting me hot!"


 Niggas talk shit, yo kill the yapping
Word is bond baby, tell me how you look so smashing
Now I got your head hurt, you need an aspirin
Bashin your head in the wall, time for some action
If you want a small piece well here's a fraction
Of shit that will bust your head quick, peep the transaction
Of how we keep motherfuckers constantly crashing
They flyest whips, think no shifts, now whose the champion?
I bring the wicked flow, like the latest fashion
Satisfaction baby keep your camera flashing
 I was busting the sperm cells mixed with Old Gold
Fungus mold, 'fore-you-should-list...slum gold
Played for a wild Irish rose
Fat ass nigga, slim bitch with no clothes
In the backseat of a 'back sixty-nine Oldsmoz
Are your soles and toes in the windows? Oh my hoes!
Hey believe me when I say so
You're in need ofarealnig-c-ca-ca-ca-crambole







Yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah
Yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah-yah
Yah-yah

(Chorus)
When I step up in the place, ayo, I step correct
Woo-hah! I got you all in check
I got that head-nod s**t that make you break your neck
Woo-hah! I got you all in check
And you know we come through to wreck the discotheque
Woo-hah! I got you all in check
Throw your hands up in the air, don't ever disrespect
Woo-hah! I got you all in check

(1st verse)
Busta Rhymes up in the place true indeed
Yes, I catch wreck and that's word on my seed
I'm guaranteed to give you what you need
One blood everybody like Junior Reid
Wake up every morning, yo, I must succeed
Nationwide ruckus make the world stampede
You really let me roll some w**d
Mad charged n***a, now I must proceed
Yo, we 'bout to make moves; set speed
Peace to Baby Mike, Q-Tip, Ali Shaheed
Watch me knock you out like Apollo Creed
Body blow bustin' your s**t making you bleed
Just feed off dynamic flows and take heed
Need more information homeboy then just read
Aya! You can read all about the pure breed
Do the bogle dance I'll do the pepperseed

-Chorus-

(Verse 2)
How dare you ever try to step on my suede shoes?
"Top Gun" shut down your firm like Tom Cruise
Please let me get down and blow a fuse
Actin' fool breakin' s**t down to molecules
Yo let me hit you with my ill street blues
Busta Rhymes always headlines the street news
Woo-hah!
Yo, baby girl don't be confused
Sail my seven seas and enjoy my boat cruise
I know you really want to know who's comin' through leaving bloodstains and residues
Sorry, homeboy, but your flow sounds used
Gotta pay your dues, baby, you know the rules
Whenever I travel the world, I landcruise
If you choose to f**k around, you get bruised
Now I got you gassed on super unleaded fuels
Give me room, give me some space, yo excuse

-Chorus-

(Rampage) You now rockin' wit the best the boy scout is who I be
Flipmode is the sqaud Hah

Yah-yah-yah-yah-yah (8x)

(Verse 3)
Yo, which motherf**ka stole my flow?
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo
Throw that type of n***a right out my window
Blast your a** hit you with my direct blow
Bo! Coming through like G.I. Joe
Star Wars movie deal like Han Solo
Make you bounce around like this was calypso
Always shine cause I got the high pro glow
You think that you can hide you think you can lay low
Roll up on your a** like Hawaii 5-0
Mad out with my dreads in my kangol
Forget the Moet n***a just pass the Cisco Yo!
Take a trip down to Mexico
Come back with that shit that might make you psycho
Maximum frequencies through your stereo
Sorry this is it but homeboy I got to go

-Chorus-

Hah Yo Yo Yay Yo Yay Yo Yo Yay . ..
Yay Yo Yay . .. Yay




Dirty, ya'll niggas get the fuck up
I'm out of jail, nigga, I'm out of jail
What more, nigga, Dirty
Go and get the fuck out, I'mma pull
One of your muthafucka's eye, ahh, something
Dirt McGirt, muthafucka


Ya'll know who I am, what?
Dirt McGirt, baby, whose the man?
What part you fools don't understand
Been away now, I'm back by popular demand
Ain't a damn thing changed, nigga, back up
First nigga to act up, get smacked up
Orange suits on hand, Dirty this, Dirty that
Yo, where Dirty at? But now Dirty back
My girl is nasty, her booty is stank
I fucked her all night, until a nigga shoot blanks
Doggystyle, will never spill my drink
Then smoke a blunt, and watch the shit on tape
You can sit on my face, I like the taste
If my P.O. call, tell that bitch to wait
I break ya face, invade your space
Don't make the mistake, tell me who is in the place what?


Yeah, let me see you work something
Slow down, don't hurt nothing
You nasty, ain't ya? You freaky, ain't ya?
Get ya ass over here, shake it like ya just don't care
Now bounce-bounce, move it over here, now
Work, work, move it over here


History, I do her, then we split up
Lyon call, whenever, we ready to get up
I ain't never been hit up, with a line that's strong
Have a nigga fuck the shit up, with his love, that's wrong
Got a hell of a body, yeah, I love that tone
And god damn, I love that moan
There's just something about you, make a nigga stay all night long
My undercover freak the shit
It's cool, cuz her peeps was rich
So whatever I want covered, and she got my peeps' pitch right
So when I'm on the road, or a girl play the show
She can respect homebase, she play the codes
Nasty as she wanna be, shaking that ass right in front of me
Can't seem to keep her from up under me
And how I am, try'nna see if chirp gash
Shake it for the Gunnerz and Dirt, shh..




I'm dirty, just like the dirty south
I talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth
I'm dirty, just like the dirty south
Talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth
What, nigga? Why you wanna get me started?
Got me in the club with Tha Alkaholiks
On the down low, like I'm ducking the warrant
Getting head in the back by the bathroom toilet
There's beauty all around, let me see the performance
She down for whatever, you know I'mm all for it
Gotta spark hard, hoppin' sports bar
After this, it's the Marriot courtyard
Gold card, I'mma max it out
Just keep your titties shaking and the apples out
You can, stick around, honey, that's no doubt
Bust a nut, then I'm passing out









Yeah..
Right down the aisle
Kool Keith and the Ol' Dirty for Mankind


Yeah.. yeah..
And this is gonna be done, with everything


2000 texture, rhymin' with Ol' Dirty
With my New York Jets jersey
Left lineman comin' in like Mankind
With diamonds sparklin' around my rhymes
Black Levi suits, skully caps and boots
Wigs with Grecian Formula
Got us warnin' ya
With backslaps, we put on, mack caps
Sit in V.I.P. with blind man lookin like Stevie
We nasty, sittin' next to Regis and Kathie
Front row seats with Blowfly
The crowd is so high
Tickets with popcorn, we rock born
No circus here, just horses and a unicorn
Tuxedos and taxis, we roll with leather maxis
Catch the back breeze
Gypsy cabs burn rubber
Signin' autographs for Danny Glover
Donny Osmond and Dennis Rodman
Up in a empty furniture apartment
With Mexicans maids, rubbin' the spots out the carpet
We move and face our targets


Punch, kick, fight - bite
Whatever you do, just kick  ass!
Cause I'm much different from, the other MC's
Cause I got the amazin, abilities
I can rock on the mic, so you can have a ball
I can fly through the air - stick to the wall
I can take a punch, or get hit by a car
I can go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact, that's what I wanna talk about
How I went outer space, just to be in the house
Punch, kick, fight - bite!
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
Punch, kick, fight - bite!
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
Punch, kick, fight - bite!
 Kick his ass downtown - first round


With backsprings
Nobody seen the girls pee on the mattress
Who was the actress when we had to take a leak?
I was in the station wagon listenin' to Canibus
We're basketball with glasses
Lookin' like Kurt Rambis
Ridin' the turnpike to Paramus
Drinkin' a box of Tropicanas with this dumb-ass nigga
Drivin' the green Bonneville from Indiana
At a truck stop
The state trooper made me turn down the hip-hop
I got out and vomicked on the ragtop, super eggdrop
UHAHHHH!  Pass me the towel
Was it McDonald's?  I'ma sue Ronald

Punch, kick, fight
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
Punch, kick, fight
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
Punch, kick, fight
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
Punch, kick, fight

 Punch, kick, fight - bite
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
 Punch, kick, fight - bite
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
 Punch, kick, fight - BITE!
 Kick his ass downtown - first round
 Punch, kick, fight - BITE!!
 ASS!!!




Raekwon:
Yo, Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo, Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my
Where the fuck is my tape at?

Method Man:
Yo, son, I ain't got that piece, son

Raekwon:
How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

Method Man:
Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missin', son

Raekwon:
Come on, man, that don't got nothin' to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

Method Man:
Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fuckin' Killer tapes, man

U-God:
*banging on the door* Aiyo! Aiyo!

Raekwon:
Open the door, man! What the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

Ghostface Killah:
Yo, yo, God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!


Word to mother!

Ghostface Killah:
Word life, God. You know Shameek from fuckin' 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm comin' to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just word is bond
Crazy shots just went the fuck off, God


Niggas let off crazy shots, kid


The nigga layin' there like a fuckin' newborn fuckin' baby, God


Word up!


Is he dead?


Is he fuckin' dead?
What the fuck you mean is he fuckin' dead, God?


What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?


Easy, easy


The nigga layin' there with his fuckin'
All types of fuckin' blood comin' out of his fuckin'


(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?


Yo, God, what's up, God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo, what's up? I'm ready to fuckin' lay
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?


Yo, let's go do what we got


What's up, yo?


Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it


Yo, we out or what, man?


It's the God, God, fuck that, man


You sayin' we out?


They probably took the tape


What the fuck?


Nigga still sweatin' the tape, man


What the fuck is you talkin' about? Get the fuck outta here!


Fuckin' corn!


Good Morning Vietnam!
Yeah, good morning
To all you motherfuckin' knotty-headed niggas
Yo, to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch, where the fuck is my bottle?
Bring that fuckin' meth in here!
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Night train


Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit, then lock shit down
As I come and freaks the sound
Hardcore, but givin' you more and more like ding!
Nah, shorty, get you open like six packs
Killa Beez attack, flippin' what, murder one
Phat tracks, aight, I kick it like a Nike Flight
Word life, I get that ass robbed on spite
Check the method from Bedrock 'cause I rock your head to bed
Just like rockin' what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, goin' to war right now
So, yo, bombin', We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save your breath before I vomit


I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas, save the beef for the cow
I'm milkin' this ho, this is my show, Tical
The fuck you wanna do for this mic piece, duke?
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO Style, buddha monks with the owls
Now who's the fuckin' man? Meth-Tical


On the chessbox
"Wu-Tang style"


I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer
Rap fanatic representin' with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like your ear
The Shooby Doo-Wop pop, strictly hardware
Armed and geared, 'cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system for murderin' the rhythm
Now lo and behold another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin' charge when I explode


Slammin' a hype-ass verse 'til your head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fast and quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashbacks how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw, I repeat
If I die, my seed'll be ill like me
Approachin' me, yo, out of respect, chops to neck
I get vexed, like crashin' up a phat-ass Lex
So, clear the way! Make way! Yo, open the cage!
Peace, I'm out, jettin' like a runaway slave


You gettin' stripped from your garments, boy, run your jewels
All the meth got me open like fallopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through your navel
Suspenseful force bein' brought through my utensil
The pencil, I bring strong winds up against you
Havoc, then run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics


A-a-a-ah-ah, are you a warrior killer slicin' shit like a samurai?
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin' at your ass like a sorceress, shootin' that piss
Niggas be gettin' on my fuckin' nerves
Rhymes they be kickin'
Make me wanna kick their fuckin' ass to the curb
Boy got funky fresh like the Old Specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, Unique drop that science


M-M-My clan is thick like plaster, bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master
Killer, style jumped off in Killa Hilla
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manila
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like gettin' smashed by a cinder block
Pow! Now it's all over; niggas seein' pink hearts
Yellow moons, orange stars, and green clovers




Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Now hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
This goes back to nineteen..
Ahem, check it, yo
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!
Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggas
Word to the camoflouge large niggas
Bitch niggas fuckin my body
Bring that fuckin meth in here
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain


Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But giving you more and more, like ding!
Nah shorty, get you open like six packs
Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks
A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite!
Word life, I get that ass raw, I'm fulla spite!
Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed
Just like rockin what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, we going to war right now
So, yo, bombin
We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save ya breath before I vomit


I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas save the beef on the cow
I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical
The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO style, buddha monks with the owls
So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical
On the chessbox


Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material, made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic
Representing with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear
The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware
Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm!
Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode


Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox!
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashback's how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die
My seed'll be ill like me
Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck
I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex'
So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage
Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave


Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels
While the meth got me open like falopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel
Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil
The pencil, I break strong winds up against your
Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics


Are uh-ah-uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurai
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!
Niggas be gettin on my fuckin nerves
Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb
I got funky fresh, like the old specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE


My my my
My Clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer
Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like getting smashed by a cinder block
Blaow! Now it's all over
Niggas seeing pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers



Yo, when I say you don't want to fuck with me
I'm not talking to you girl (and woman)
Yo, 'cause y'all want to fuck, y'all want to fuck me

I stay away from danger, danger stay away from me
I kind of react on y'all niggas and then I flee
Whatever you say is a mirage
And on top of that, huh, nigga fuck y'all
I'm the law of the land, got girls Uncle Nuggah
I gagagaga got girls on the command
I got the government lost on Gilligan Island (Nigga Please!)
By December, CIA gettin' paid taxes back
From the Candy Cane, Santa came, back in the big hurricane
You ain't shaggy anymore D8, I ain't in your ballgame
I became, ain't your doggy bag ho same
You gotta make Ol' Dirty a better man
In the world if you wanna live
Fuck y'all, God don't forgive
I don't answer phones
I'll never reveal the Wu-Tang secret, and if you don't believe
I'll kill your shit


You don't want
You don't want fuck with me ('Cause my name is Ol' Dirty)

You don't want
You don't want fuck with me ('Cause my name is Ol' Dirty)

Please Nigga!
You couldn't jump jump jump
You couldn't punk, you couldn't funk funk funk the shit up
My name is Dirt Dog the 18
Millimeter, shoot you up, bust you up (Fuck fuck, What?)
I drop an ambulance on a nigga
Mad trucks, runnin' over niggas
I love bitches, when they front on they pussycat
You ain't gettin' over like a fat rat
Hate is the method, killin' all you savages
You won't be sendin' me messages
I put your nigga on pause, I keep that shit on
Destroy you through your whores
'Cause you ain't never had clout
You niggas on a rat drought
I never get tired, I ain't in your drama quote
Suck my dick!


(To the ugly girls, throw your hands in the fuckin' air!)
(To the ugly bitches, wave 'em like you just don't care!)

Yo, I'm the cunt breath asshole eater
And if you let me physically eat it, it only get (burps)
Yo, the race we'll lose
I'm ? the booze
Don't eat the food!
Ah! If you really want to cum
This dope game get your pussy numb
Yo! Fuck y'all everybody!


Don't ever look at my name as bad



Yo, when I say you don't want to fuck with me
I'm not talking to you girl (and woman)
Yo, cause y'all want to fuck... y'all want to fuck me

Verse:
I stay away from danger, danger stay away from me
I counter react on y'all niggas and then I flee
Whatever you say is a mirage
And on top of that, huh, nigga fuck y'all
I'm the law of the land, got girls Uncle Nuggah
I gagagaga got girls on the command
I got the government lost on Gilligan Island (Nigga Please!)
By December, CIA gettin' paid taxes back
From the Candy Cane, Santa came, back in the big hurricane
You ain't shaggy anymore, DA, I ain't in your ballgame
I became, ain't your doggy bag ho same
You gotta make Ol' Dirty a better man
In the world if you wanna live
Fuck y'all, God don't forgive
I don't answer phones
I'll never reveal the Wu-Tang secret, and if you don't believe
I'll kill your shit

Chorus: 2x
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me (Cause my name is Ol' Dirty)

Verse:
Please Nigga!
You couldn't jump jump jump
You couldn't punk, you couldn't funk funk funk the shit up
My name is Dirt Dog the 18
Millimeter, shoot you up, bust you up (Fuck fuck, What?)
I drop the ambulance on a nigga
Mac truck, runnin' over niggas
I love bitches, when they front on they pussycat
You ain't gettin' over like a fat rat
Hate is the method, killin' all you savages
You won't be sendin' me messages
I put your nigga on pause, I keep that shit on
Destroy you through your whores
Cause you ain't never had clout
You niggas on a rap drought
I never get tired, I ain't in your drama crew
Suck my dick!
Real fat, hard to lick(?)
Chorus: 6x
(To the ugly girls, throw your hands in the fuckin' air!)
(To the ugly bitches, wave 'em like you just don't care!)
Verse:
Yo, I'm the cunt, breast, asshole eater
And if you let me physically eat it, it only get (burps)
Yo, don't race, you'll lose!
I'm stronger than booze!
Don't eat the food!
AAAAHH! If you really want to cum
The cocaine get your pussy numb
YO! FUCK Y'ALL! EVERYBODY!

Chorus: 3x
Don't ever look at my name as bad



Yo, when I say you don't want to fuck with me
I'm not talking to you girl and woman
Yo, 'cause y'all want to fuck, y'all want to fuck me
I stay away from danger, danger stay away from me
I kind of react on y'all niggas and then I flee
Whatever you say is a mirage
And on top of that, huh, nigga fuck y'all
I'm the law of the land, got girls Uncle Nuggah
I gaga gaga got girls on the command
I got the government lost on Gilligan Island niggard please!
By December, CIA gettin' paid taxes back
From the Candy Cane, Santa came, back in the big hurricane
You ain't shaggy anymore D8, I ain't in your ballgame
I became, ain't your doggy bag ho same
You gotta make Ol' Dirty a better man
In the world if you wanna live
Fuck y'all, god don't forgive
I don't answer phones
I'll never reveal the Wu-Tang secret
And if you don't believe
I'll kill your shit
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
Please nigga
You couldn't jump, jump, jump
You couldn't punk, you couldn't funk, funk, funk the shit up
My name is Dirt Dog the 18
Millimeter, shoot you up, bust you up fuck, fuck what?
I drop an ambulance on a nigga
Mad trucks, runnin' over niggas
I love bitches, when they front on they pussycat
You ain't gettin' over like a fat rat
Hate is the method, killin' all you savages
You won't be sendin' me messages
I put your nigga on pause, I keep that shit on
Destroy you through your whores
'Cause you ain't never had clout
You niggas on a rat drought
I never get tired, I ain't in your drama quote
Suck my dick
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
'Cause you ain't never had clout
To the ugly girls, throw your hands in the fuckin' air!
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
To the ugly bitches, wave 'em like you just don't care!
Yo, I'm the cunt breath asshole eater
And if you let me physically eat it, it only get
Yo, the race we'll lose I'm the booze, don't eat the food
If you really want to cum
This dope game get your pussy numb
Yo! Fuck y'all! Everybody
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
'Cause my name is Ol' Dirty
You don't want
You don't want fuck with me
Don't ever look at my name as bad




I just want all y'all to know, the reason why I curse
Because of my momma and my daddy; they grew up cursin'
So please respect my style, please!


I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cuts your whole stamina
Here comes the medical examiner
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I axe you
How did you intend this --
Competition to get an ass kickin' so tremendous
Oh!, you shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son, he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up into jet, black kid the nigga started speakin' spanish!
Yo!, he wasn't from Panama
I axed you how you get so fuckin', dark, you said
"suntanama!"
He'll be responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared his ass
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Caught him with a strong five deadly venom
Told him!, enter the Wu-Tang
Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush any shit you brang
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to batman, I play you the riddler
You try to jew me for a rhyme nigga, I'll change to Hitler
I go out like a Nazi, wish your fuckin' ass stayed, home and played (Yahtzee!)
Or watchin' Happy Days sweatin' Poxie
With Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and Chachi
Wu, who? Me gettin wreck talk to him
He's like a twelve and a half foot, gettin' in a seven shoe
Now picture that with a Minolta
I have your ass doin' some Night Fever shit like John Travolta
I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script
And rock on from P.M. , past the fucking Dawn
Pass the Hammer you're broke down, niggas grab my what what
You can't understand it, here's the panorama
A complete view, of how I defeat you
Shoulda stepped to those god damn kids who tried to beat you
Yeah I bust that ass before
You ran to Texas and came back but forgot the chainsaw!
And wanna perform a massacre
Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular
I bust y'all..

